c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	I've used this service for years.  The best parts are that it tends to be on time and that there are bike racks on the front of the buses.  Unfortunately the drivers must navigate roads filled with undergraduates on bicycles who think they are immortal.  I've seen some close calls, but the drivers get serious kudos for being able to drive in that environment all day.The drivers tend to be helpful and friendly, though some of them don't speak excellent English.  There are a few routes I get a bit car-sick on, but that is due to the twisty roads and frequent stopping-accelerating.  The routes change, especially if there is construction going on.  Make sure you check to see what is running during the summer and holidays.  I've waited for shuttles that weren't going to come for days before.
oCls9DEDz5JXYLOxM-57Dw	I come here for the Blue Bottle Coffee, not the yogurt.  The yogurt is not tart enough for my taste.  if I'm in the mood for a sweet, creamy yogurt, I'll get the chocolate fro-yo here, but generally I prefer the tart yogurt at Yogurtland.The Blue Bottle Coffee, on the other hand, is pretty decent.  If I just need a caffeine fix, I'll get the regular coffee at the bookstore since it is really cheap.  If I want something a little tastier, I'll get the handmade Blue Bottle coffee at Fraiche.  If I want a really decadent and sweet cup of coffee, I'll go to Coupa Cafe for the Spicy Mayan Mocha.  The Blue Bottle Coffee here is not quite as good as what I've had at the Blue Bottle Cafes in SF, but I'm just grateful they serve Blue Bottle coffee at Stanford because it definitely tastes better than getting regular drip coffee at CoHo or some of the other coffee places.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	In need of a caffeine infusion to get through the day? I suggest you mosey on over to the newest Coupa Cafe location and get yourself a Guayoyo. A Venezuelan latte, this cup of magic fuel kept me alert and ready for anything after I found myself drooping around 2PM. Now settled into the little coffee kiosk that used to house Moonbeans, Coupa Cafe is lively and busy. Grab a cup of Joe and go or stay for a while and study, read or chat with friends for a spell at one of the cafe's outdoor tables. The place is fast paced, enjoys a distinctly Latin spirit and the staff works hard to make sure you leave fueled up and with a spring in your step.
tK9HNA3tBIbfym7FinuoKw	this is the worst coffee shop i have ever been to! you should be ashamed to call yourself peet's. i have never been so insulted in my life by the woman that works here as well as that stupid manager! they need to learn how to treat customers with repsect! there needs to be a starbucks on campus so we can get decent service and coffee!
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	Yes, it's beautiful. The location is unbeatable, overlooking the Rodin Sculpture gardens. The food is just mediocre. This place gets a lot of hype for the location and the organic food but when it comes down to it, it's just not that tasty!
pQ254dv_0oyi0VHU1KDkZQ	We had a party( ~70 people) for our daughter's first birthday/anniversary-type thing and Carlos made the whole thing a hit!He was helpful with the planning right up to the morning of the party. He got there early and was set up, ready to go, before our first guest arrived. Everyone loved the drinks.  He was fast, friendly.  Very professional, extremely helpful and a great bartender. Book him for your next party!
gzpfljP4vcIf3UbLK9hEHg	WOW. I am rendered speechless--nay, almost wordless!--by CoHo's relatively recent (ok, I'm a little behind on the times) revamp. Let me tell you, CoHo was flying high my sophomore year (2003-2004). The menu at the time featured the incomparable Baja Chicken Caesar wrap. Imagine my horror when the BCC was replaced with an army of unfortunate-tasting crepes. I shudder to think. Long story short, boycott ensued, and I hadn't been back for food since, until today. Imagine my joy, my rapture, my utter ecstasy at finding a well-curated selection of panini. I ordered the portobello panini, and it was a mushroom-based slice of heaven. Mozzarella cheese, basil, toasted to perfection. In fact, it was reminiscent of Coupa's version, but--dare I say--better. Like Coupa, however, it came with a side salad of fancy greens. Can't those of us who only eat iceberg and romaine lettuce get a little love? I definitively declare--CoHo is once again THE place to eat on campus. Now if only they could bring back the BCC...
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Pick up a March Maddness t-shirt, brand yourself "property of..." just about any Stanford Sports Team or grab that new baby in the family a pint-sized cheerleading outfit or tiny football jersey.  The Track House is the retail mecca for university's athletic prowess and newsworthy feats.  Moderately priced, friendly staff and let's face it, you're probably parked near the place anyway!
-vBbg7fTK3y8W0PtpzlLWQ	I love Buster Posey!The catcher, haven't tried the sandwich yet.I love Matt Cain!The pitcher and the sandwich.  Matt Cain is a solid sandwich, I've had it twice and it was just as exciting and delicious as the first time.I love Tony Soprano!The sandwich.  Whatever they do what they do to the salami is insane!!I love Ike of Ike's Place.And I've met him too...I don't know why I was so star struck.  Quite a handsome gentleman too.  "Love to you" too Ike!I love Ike's Place!Just not a fan of this location.  Not sure why Ike picks these selective, off the wall, locations that caters to a select group of individuals, i.e. Stanford and Redwood Shores.  I still love the sandwiches though...damn it for making me drive out of my way and burn some super unleaded gas.If you're unfamiliar with the campus, it can be a little hard to find, unless you happen to be one of the thousand geniuses that attend Stanford, then, it's simple as "Pi."Same rules apply as Redwood Shores, call in your order!  We went on a Sunday afternoon thinking it'd be quiet and no, it definitely wasn't.  However at this location, the price includes a bag of chips, which is why I was wondering the menu was like a buck more here.
AX83lG8orwuPvLugIkSMbg	I must say i love Ike's! I find this one the best out of the bunch i drive from Belmont to go to the stanford location. Yes i know theres one in redwood city but it just doesn't taste the same, not to mention the parking there sucks. I bring all my friends here and chow down on there delicious sandwiches pure heaven in your month experience. The only reason this place gets a 4 out of 5 is there hours on the weekend they used to close at 5:30 but now close at 3!? why i dont understand its always busy here i guess ike doesn't like money too bad.
P_WjVwhQj35NanrTHVux0g	I thought "reviewing" my school was a little silly, until I saw all the negative reviews listed (curiously, mostly from non-alums).  So for the record, I went to Stanford as an undergrad and stayed for graduate school. I love Stanford, even as I cringe at the numbers on my tuition bill and wonder how much of it is going to what appears to be a quarterly replacement of the plants on the Oval (and that palm tree that just refuses to live in front of Gates).  I fell in love with the gorgeous sun-drenched campus the first time I set foot on it.  Yes, the place looks like a resort.  Yes, the students are preppy and a lot of them sure seem rich. Maybe it's not for you, but If I had a time machine, I'd happy go back and relive life as a Lag freshman all over again.  My Stanford experience was wonderful.Now, if you happen to be on campus for an afternoon, here's what, in the opinion of one local alum, you should do:* Drive down Palm Drive. See the palm trees and the classic view of the Oval and Quad against the foothills (and if you really liked it, buy the postcard in the Bookstore).  * Walk around the Quad (I particularly like to do this at night).  Check out the Burghers of Calais and the fresco on the front of MemChu (yes, it sounds stupid, but everyone calls it MemChu).* Go to the Rodin Sculpture Garden, outside of the art museum.  Buy a sandwich at the Cool Cafe and sip iced tea on the patio overlooking the garden.* Walk around the Papua New Guinea Sculpture Garden in the patch of trees in front of Roble (also very cool at night, when the sculptures are lit up and, if you're lucky, taiko is playing).  * If Lake Lag happens to be there (it's a seasonal lake, most likely to be around in January), stroll around the banks of the lake.  If you're feeling really adventurous, sometimes there's a raft you can take out onto the lake itself.  Try and spot some endangered tiger salamanders.* Check out the cactus garden, the mausoleum, the angel of grief statue and the Stone River sculpture (all in the same area).
Yeo5cXxha6RQtv0vv_Y9ng	Of all the top tier schools, Stanford is perhaps the least diverse in terms of its student population. A sizable chunk of the students are born and raised Californians, and the vast majority of the students, Californian or otherwise, remind me forcibly of computers. Yes, computers; good at calculating, good at recording data and spitting it back out, but incapable of thinking outside the box or creatively drawing new conclusions. They have few interests outside of class, few goals beyond the stereotypical concept of success, and just very few facets in general. Add to this general social ineptitude, and you can imagine what an interesting and enjoyable group of people I found myself amongst.Unfortunately, a huge number of undergrads are premed, or at least wannabe premed, and they swamped the giant science classes, excelling at test taking but failing at learning. The Biological Sciences department, which offered very few (and quickly) filled classes with fewer than 150 students, fed into this mindset of mindless regurgitation. I cannot fault the actual material that was taught, but often it was taught in a manner that was far from optimal. This applies particularly to the core classes that all majors must take.The lower level classes in chemistry, math, and physics were much the same, and often featured monotonous drone-like teaching. Now, when I reached the higher levels of chemistry, I finally found some well-taught science, and was able to evade the hordes of premeds. On the whole, I was quite pleased with the chemistry professors I learned under.Classes in the humanities were much superior, and also more likely to be intimate in size. Still, I found that the English courses I took were barely a notch above those I took in high school. Admittedly, I attended the best high school in the country, but not even that fact can fully excuse the English department. Some of the more esoteric classes were excellent, but the standard topics were approached in a less than challenging manner.Beyond academics, I must say the campus is absolutely beautiful (with gorgeous weather), the facilities are vast, and the living quarters are above average. The larger dorms are in good condition and reasonably sized, the coveted Row Houses are phenomenal, and my time spent in the vegetarian co-op Synergy was fabulous. There, I was finally able to interact with people of real substance, while learning how to manage an entire house without outside supervision.I despise Palo Alto greatly, as it is a soulless, ugly place with nothing to do, overpriced, mediocre food, and chain stores for as far as the eye can see. Living off campus was quite expensive, and parking on t campus was a huge and very expensive ordeal (and the parking bitches are THE WORST I have encountered anywhere; I wish them eternal suffering).I would not go back if you paid me.
NNlMrOybRoPmoKw9baPc2Q	I've been to Ike's three times. First time, I thought the sandwich (Spiffy Tiffy), was on the greasy side of alright, and perhaps a bit overpriced for the size. There was one person in line and it still took some 10-15 mins wait before the sandwich appeared. Second time, the line was insane and inching forward, because the service is so slow. So, I left. Third time, I decided to be clever and order using their iPhone app. Bad idea. They got my order completely wrong. Couldn't go back to complain because the place was closed (it closes at 6pm). To top it off, the sandwich didn't seem fresh at all, like it had been sitting outside for a while. The bread was soggy, having soaked all the dressing I had explicitly asked them not to use. I was starving, so I ate it. Terrible idea. Now I'm feeling sick. I'm never going back again.
PEhgPoIXB58oDWf2dbMMww	BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD!  It's a bit pricey, but totally worth it!  The half sandwich was somewhat small, but maybe it was because I wanted more...I had the Brutus, but I'm a vegetarian so I had to go without the Cesar dressing (it has anchovies).  The guy recommended having it with Italian dressing and it was AMAZING!  I will be going back for sure!  The sandwich was warm and fresh and absolutely delicious!  The guys there are nice as well and always willing to recommend something, because their menu is huge (and the names are pretty hilarious).It's a little hard to find (in the Huang Engineering Center), but the sandwiches were worth it.  And they give you a lollipop!  :)
-s04aRndwvhmTrsqWsoKfA	The first time I came here they had just opened. Their credit card machine was not hooked up yet, and I had no cash. I asked the manager where the nearest ATM was and he said "we'll take care of you, go ahead and order, you can pay next time". This kind of service, and good food, is how you make customers for life. They recently hired a new guy behind the counter who makes a good cappuccino and latte, too.There is plenty of seating inside and outside. On nice days people spill outside and sit on the ledges near the water clock (how do you read that thing anyway?).
kS1MQHYwIfD0462PE61IBw	tries really hard with the fancy sounding ingredientswho doesn't want organic this, free range that, or natural ____needless to say, it works.  everything sounds better than just a turkey sandwich, (maybe they use it to try to justify their high prices)the chipotle roast park sandwich with avocado spread and slaw was tasty on a toasted panini -- you can tell this sandwich wasn't premade and sitting aroundambiance is great with the sculpture around, so another campus eatery that is decent
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	I can't tell you how angry I get every time I am forced to go to Ray's Grill.Forced you say?  Yes.  Stanford University has done the dumbest thing ever and awarded a complete monopoly to one company that now runs three of Stanford's few on campus restaurants - Ray's Grill, CoHo, and Treehouse.  And, worse yet, these restaurants are three of the only restaurants that stay open past 10pm (the only other being Axe and Palm).  That gives that company a monopoly on late night dining - when most students eat.Let me count the ways I hate thee:1. Food is so-so.  All the Asian dishes are 90% rice.  They keep hot sauce on all the tables, which is great, because you need a ton of it to extract any flavor from the food.  Fries are always cold and soggy, and the nachos make my stomach hurt.  Some of the food here is okay, particularly the Thai Chicken Curry - my favorite.2.  BUT, don't go expecting to get the good good - they ALWAYS RUN OUT of just about everything.  I've been here about 10 times now and have only had it once - it is always SOLD OUT!  Two stories:a. One time I was here, I ordered the Thai chicken, waited 20 minutes with my friend, and then finally was called to get my food.  We were starving and irate that it took soo long.  But turns out, they called us up to notify that they were out of the curry.  WTF.  How did it take 20 minutes to figure this out?b. The most recent time I was here, I ordered my go-to dish, to again find them sold out.  So I ordered another chicken dish and a soda.  Turns out they had run out of Diet Coke (their ONLY diet soda offering).  Took me a good 5 minutes to convince the lady to give me a refund on the soda.  So then I tried ordering a Mocha coffee.  Nope, out of mocha mix and chocolate.  Infuriating.  3. They randomly CLOSE EARLY.  Yes, it's one of the few late night spots.  But if you show up even an hour before closing, you may find they've arbitrarily decided to close down early.  And if it's a cold winter night and you've walked across campus, your only option is to walk across campus to the only other late night place.  How can they be so willing to close early and give up this business?  Oh yeah, because they own the other late night place.  4. Their employees are idiots and service is awful.  I really don't like to say that, it feels rude, but I am constantly offended by how unhelpful the cashiers are.  But when I ordered a soda and they were out of the diet soda, a refund is reasonable.  Or I asked for canned soda, and she said no can do.  Or, the time I ordered Curry Chicken to find out 20 minutes later it was sold out, they asked me what else I wanted, but REFUSED TO REFUND THE DIFFERENCE between my curry chicken and the cheaper dish I picked.  And of course, they have never once offered to do anything nice to compensate for the numerous inconveniences.5.  The restaurant is uncomfortable and dirty.  There are no obvious places to leave dirty dishes and food, so everyone naturally leaves them on the tables expecting them to be cleaned off.  But nope.  No one comes, so it doesn't take long before the entire restaurant is filled with rotting food and garbage all over the tables.  Not to mention, there's usually music playing and the TV on, plus people talking loudly, so it's a bad environment to chat or do work.I wish I could say I'd never go back.  But these jerks have a complete monopoly on grad student dining.  I just hope Stanford will hear my pleas to kick this company out of campus.
1Tadqh_J0yMLi8fYs9TmEw	Damn good sandwiches.  They also have a new menu chart up (which is helpful if you're not a regular).  A bit on the expensive side, but very filling (and unhealthy).
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	3.5 stars.  I'm not the biggest froyo fan, but I've had Fraiche before and recalled liking it pretty well and it was insanely hot today so I wanted a cool treat.  I had the regular size chocolate fro-yo with bananas and blueberries ($4.95).   It tasted more like chocolate soft serve than frozen yogurt, which I consider a good thing, since as I said I"m not really a yogurt person.  I could have used a more intense chocolate flavor though.  The fresh fruit was good and they were really generous with the toppings.   The portion of yogurt was huge as well; it was way more than I could eat.Price-wise, I think its on the high end even for froyo, which is pretty expensive to begin with.   They also don't seem to offer any coupons, unlike a lot of other places in the area.   The prices  are $2.95 junior, $3.95 regular, $4.95 large, with toppings $1.  But then they have a special "value" deal where you can get a regular and 2 toppings for $4.95.   So if you want 2 toppings, the regular and the junior are the same price and the regular is WAY bigger.  The junior looked pretty dinky. Their chocolate chip cookies are fantastic but really overpriced for their size ($2.50).    I doubt I would come back for the froyo again unless it was another 90+ degree day, but when I'm feeling skinny and rich I will definitely come get a chocolate chip cookie here.   The people that work here are really nice too.
fUvvNNUqpsBsNEdCrbibYw	Came here on a Saturday in June while there were graduation ceremonies happening at Stanford campus. Ike's is a little hard to find. You have to park and then walk in the campus to the engineering building. There are no signs - the tables outside with umbrellas was my sign that made me think to head a certain direction. Long lines and no menu to look at while waiting. I would highly recommend to order in advance. They do have an iPhone app which is cool. I had the John Elway sandwich - pretty good. The dutch crunch bread is very tasty. I like how they give you a green apple/caramel sucker too. Quality sandwich but I wouldnt go out of my way to come back.
NOUfyJW-BAo_-Cbfo8edww	During my Stanford orientation, we had a campus treasure hunt and one of the items on it was the Thai Cafe.  It is a treasure - probably the best basement restaurant on any campus?  It was the great equalizer - I'd see professors, undergrads, staff, grad students all waiting in line patiently.  It's all about efficiency here.  You'd better know what you want and have your money (cash only) ready when it's your turn - maybe grab a drink before you get up to the front of the line where you order and pay.  Thank you Thai Cafe for keeping that line moving.I know that I crave noodle soup often and they served it up fast and hot.  The portion size was satisfying too.  I loved the daily specials too, especially the curry over rice.  Add srichacha (which they provide) and it's a wonderful, comforting meal.  The veggies are nice and soft and the curry really is good.  I like the salads too - no real duds here.  The menu is limited and everything is popular.You should come early though - if you come later, they run out of many of the items.  You don't want to miss out.  They're not open when school isn't in session (or at least that's how it used to be).  It's also open only for lunch and closed on weekends.
0VulevnWTbzdbNw1biqpmg	So many sandwiches, so little time. Lot's of variety in your sandwich choice, and no shortage of kooky names. I wish I could have tried more sandwiches in my time there, but I was quite pleased with the ones I did get to try. There was no lack of carnivore happiness here when I dined, my friends and I ordered several meaty sandwiches, all with different sandwich personalities--let me stress this variety again. The King Koopa was a testament to this place's creativity; meatballs, jalapeno poppers, mozerella sticks?? This sounds like something I'd make when I was a kid on a Saturday afternoon. It was really messy, but really satisfying when you bit into the correct part that had everything... which was hard to do.Go to Ike's. Then make a schedule to try everything on the menu! :D
3G2ZSgYnFA08zaj2-4FpgQ	Admittedly a cozy spot, but mediocre customer service and terrible food. The meatball pasta was way, WAY too salty, and the meatballs tasted like medicine.There are other places here to check out @ Stanford, so don't waste your time here.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	Mediterranean options.  They give you a *lot* of food.  Salad is ok, gyros are decent.  Can feed you for two meals, easily.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	Oy Ray's.  I'm always so torn when I'm trying to review a restaurant that made a mistake, then rectified it... But I'm just not going to give more than two stars.  I refuse!My fiance and I came here right before a party, looking to eat but not overeat.  I ordered their mexican veggie mix burrito bowl; he ordered their grilled cheese.The grilled cheese came out... But the burrito bowl was nowhere to be seen.  We asked about it and they said it was coming.It wasn't.We waited about 15 minutes, still bowl-less.  The cashiers kept eyeing us confusedly without asking us what we were standing around waiting for, and finally we went back up and asked the SAME people about the burrito bowl.  They went into the kitchen, came out, and said it would be ready soon and offered us a cookie while we waited.   They hadn't even started making it.So we just asked for our money back and told them not to bother.  We sat at a dirty table, I ate half of the grilled cheese, my boyfriend had the other half, and then they brought out the burrito bowl, telling us it was on the house.  No kidding-- we just got our money back because we asked.  But by then I had (not) enjoyed a half of a grilled cheese sandwich, and was suddenly faced with stuffing my face before the party we were now late to.Like I said: oy Ray's.
Q-GIt9xjwTRcXNbc8Mus3g	This makes me think of a Barnes & Noble on steroids.  It actually reminds me very much of a famous and always crowded bookstore back in Lexington, KY.  Same ambiance, same type of service, same vibe, which respectively are casual yet conducive for studying, friendly, and with happy-seeming customers.Go to the second floor and you can get cheap drinks and snacks.  If you're a coffee drinker, which I'm not, a cup of joe is $0.50.  Yes, $0.50.  All the Stanford paraphernalia and gear imaginable is in this space.  There is Wi-Fi, which is a complete, "Well, no duh!"I don't know how the experience is while shopping, ordering books and dealing with customer service as a student, but for the strollers and "commoners," just browsing the store makes for a nice afternoon.
8D92qPaDfn0zfB9NQcm1QA	This is the bookstore that I go to to browse the literary criticism section, the poetry section, art books, and cultural studies. They have the largest and most diverse selection of any bookstore in the area. If you know of a better bookstore I'd like to hear about it.
0G7LQ1NKgp-zDf1nOrikjg	The rumors are true - Ike's is hands-down one of the best sandwich shops around! They have a HUGE menu (100+ choices including vegan and vegetarian options), bake their bread fresh after you order (dutch crunch bread is the way to go!), and focus on special ingredients for their sandwiches. Don't go to Ike's and waste your visit on a simple sandwich (deli meat, wheat bread roll, lettuce tomatos what not...) - take advantage of their meatballs, mozzarella cheese sticks, jalapeno poppers, shredded chicken breast (LOVE this) etc!Menage a trios - chicken, honey, honey mustard, bbq sauce, and 3 types of cheese. It gets a bit sticky and messy, and the chicken tastes SWEET, but the flavor comes together very well - this is one hell of a good sandwich! The cashier suggested to NOT ADD veggies to this sandwich because the filling is soft and gooey, and lettuce would add a strange crisp to it. I took his advice and didn't miss the veggies one bit ;)Super Mario - meatballs, marina sauce, mozzarella cheesesticks. Again, I'd recommend not to add veggies to this sandwich. I liked this one a lot too, but I prefer ménage a trios. The meatballs here are yum yum, but the cheesesticks have solidified cheese inside, making it a bit strange to bite into one and have a mouthful of chewy tough cheese :-/ I'd rather the cheese be melty
SSvJQNdFAjq3ZspcPv8PRw	I came here to catch Cornel West speak a few weekends ago. The space inside is gorgeous, with nice and comfy seats. The venue is very clean with a good sound system.Only thing is parking for a bigger event like this will likely land you in the dirt lot about a half mile away, which isn't all that bad if it's a nice day outside.
i3SWh1lAdkfFxDByPQ0-FQ	THE most amazing place EVAR! Things you can do:- race in the fountain- drink plum wine in the fountain- climb the statue in the fountain- meet friends in the fountain- play frisbee in the fountain- collect coins from the fountain- fight ADs next to the fountain- take off your pants at the fountain- pee in bushes by the fountain- bike to and from the fountain- lose your engagement ring in the fountain- shark attack at the fountain.
OEKlme4hT5GAomR8JVZjkw	Occasion: Picking up lunch with co-workersWhat I Had: 'Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian'Food Review: LOVE their vegetarian sandwich. Their 'Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian' includes: Mushrooms, Marinated Artichoke Hearts, Pesto, Provolone. DELISH! Just the right amount of pesto sauce, too! I like that the bread wasn't dry (maybe with the help of the pesto!). They really did a swell job with the mushrooms to the point where I was checking to see if they had actually put meat in by accident (phantom umami perhaps??).  Service Review: Service was fine! We were just picking up our order, so not much to say here, but the cashiers were all cheerful. Venue Review: The line was really long, but luckily the place is in a Stanford indoor dining area so we could wait while sitting around at the tables. Stanford is a beautiful campus, and I could totally see students grabbing their sandwiches in the afternoons and eating outside in the quad areas or out by the lawn. Overall Impression: Top notch quality sandwich, actually the best vegetarian sandwich I've ever had! It's well worth the wait.
9S85BzJTqotw9JqVwc_YyA	Absolutely 5-stars for students.  I'm usually able to get in at least 14 holes during twilight hours.  The best part is the twilight rate--thirteen dollars.  The course is usually wide open during twilight hours too, even on the weekends.  Stanford students, this is a must.
sBtzCodmIpXHNgr_hf59qQ	Visiting the Stanford campus, we ran across this little restaurant/cafe.  It reminde me of a hip version of a panera crossed with Starbucks, with a slightly better menu and more comfy seating.  There was also a piano in the corner that patrons took turns playing for other diners pleasure. It had a real community feel to it. All of our food was moderately priced to a little pricy, but very good. We had one unique pasta dish, one sandwich and one hummus plate in our group, all were done equally well. Coffee was fantastic and desert pastries were good enough to compete with a bakery vs a cafe. If I were a student here, this would be my hangout.
obzsnaDH7iOF84kSZlbm4A	Best commuter bike shop around.  They are the only place around that gives free loner bikes with tune-ups. They also can perform quick repairs and adjustments on the spot, and really know there stuff. They also provide free loner tools for do-it-your-selfers. They have a huge selection of new and used bikes, most and price points below anything you would find at any other bike shop. The lower end bikes are perfectly adequate for cruising around the Stanford campus, while their 'higher end' bikes work great for longer distance commuting.  (Though you wont find a high-end road bike here.)  They have earlier hours than most other bike shops (9-5), making them about the only place to go after a morning breakdown.  Since they are on the Stanford campus, they can get extremely busy during the school year (especially in September/October when classes start.)  Conversely, when students are away, things are slower, and they probably have some the quickest summer turnarounds.
UzFpw5-JFekJ9nF8hI9ZSw	Super upset today. Ordered a large black iced tea. Received a small black iced coffee. Me: "Oops, I got an iced coffee instead of a black iced tea." Him: "We don't have black iced tea." Me:"You had black iced tea yesterday."Him:"We're out today. Do you want mango?"Me:"No. Why did you give me coffee?"Him:"Because we don't have black iced tea."Me:"Then why didn't you tell me when I ordered?"Him:"Do you want something else?"No offer of refund or apology.Me:"I guess I'll just have a bottle of water."I am in customer service and this is not the way you do it. Done with the wrong orders, which is too bad because I love that spicy mocha.
EwXwCOzFdHI3vEJEnCVXbg	Here is the phone number attained at great patience from the 800 mainline. Please use wisely to make appointments to apply for passport:1-650-321-4239531 Lausen Mall, Stanford, CAM-F 9am-3pm
Dw0nngLFf8e5rHmz6dfbbQ	Not the cheapest place to get coffee on campus (the bookstore is) but definately the most friendly and nicest setting.  It's fun to go here and bump into friends and classmates that you haven't seen in a while.  They let you put your own water in your americano, how nice.  Need some espresso at 9:30 pm?  Go here.  I only wish they had fair trade coffee like Ciao does.
qzDCMkf0vpk51UapdPoHPg	We came here after all the hype.  It took forever to find parking, pretty long time waiting in line but not too horrible, I guess . . . .The cashier was fairly friendly when we finally got up there.  Quick and with a smile we ordered and then were waiting.  I kind of feel rushed at the cashier though since it is such a long line and everyone is waiting.It is located in a dining hall type place, while a large area it is not intimate and just like a cafeteria.  Not much for ambiance.Our sandwiches were indeed pretty darn good and a big portion.  While I forget exactly what we ordered now, I remember the yummy sauce and fresh bread.  Good sandwiches.We haven't been back since though, with the wait and the sandwiches being good and not tasting like heaven, I just can't imagine coming back.  Worth checking out once or going when they might have off times (is that ever?).
8fgiuFMuN5yfoALzts-K7w	Sure the food might be mediocre.  But it's cheap.  And it's plentiful.  And it's available late at night and on weekends.  And honestly, what more could a college student reasonably expect?Service is a bit apathetic, as some others have noted.  I'm docking a star for that.  I also considered docking another star (but didn't) for the ghetto-fabulous booty-shaking mix that always seems to be annoyingly blasting over the speaker system.  *Sigh*  I guess that's what all the kids are listening to these days...
-qn-gcolrpS4izQ57v5Tog	New cafe opened last week. Staff is friendly, pours a great shot of espresso, and the food is affordable and decent. Cheaper prices than Nexus, and MUCH better coffee than the Pete's in Clark or *shudder* Alway Cafe.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	Back in 1999/2000, my startup company was getting funded by angel investors, the main one a Stanford MBA. He was a nice guy but changed his mind every week about how the company should go and what direction we should take. Literally, every Monday meeting was "we have been thinking and we are going to change things up a little for the time being." You could see pretty quickly that he was more interested in building a big company fast to show to the rest of his investor buddies than to play it smart and grow things slowly like other smarter companies did. He also wouldn't listen to anyone because he thought he was smarter than everyone else. Not a good combination for success. That was also very frustrating and demoralizing to everyone but when you sell out to the big money, you all have to do what the big money says. Lesson learned, never sell out again to anyone and run your own business, collect all the money for yourself and stay independent.But the great thing about him was that we got to go to Stanford GSB all the time to recruit students and they ate at Arbuckle Cafe (an underground eaterie below the GSB building). Arbuckle has great food, excellent burritos and huge, cheap salads. Subsidized by google, yahoo and nike probably.So if you are ever in the area and park on campus, head on over to Arbuckle and listen in to all of the grand plans of the brilliant graduate students. You might luck out and get in on the ground floor of the next big thing.
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	The salad I had here was the best one I've had on campus so far.  Tentatively optimistic.  More conclusive opinion to come.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	This place has gotten better with time.  They now have a lot more sandwich options and good pastries for breakfast.Their coffee drinks are a little lackluster, but I like their unsweetened iced tea.Plus...you cannot beat 50 cent coffee (even if it does seem a bit like it will tear out your stomach lining).  I bet even the rapper would appreciate it.Tip: everything is cheaper if you bring your own cup (except the 50 cent coffee, but you can get more for 50 cents that way).
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	I'm not sure why anyone would come here as opposed to the other Coupa on campus (by Green Library) - it's about a dollar per item more on average, and although the selection is a little bigger (notably they have arepas here and not at the other one), the food tastes about the same or even worse.  This location has indoor seating, although it's very crowded and at the lunch rush you'll have to wait awhile to order and get your food.  My boyfriend's turkey panini came out pretty promptly.  He said the first half was pretty good, but the second half was absolutely soaked in a spicy mustard sauce that squirted all over him when he bit into the sandwich.  He said it overpowered the sandwich, and he wished it had been more evenly distributed between the two halves.    My nutella pancakes took forever to come out.  Finally, after my boyfriend was DONE eating his panini, he went and investigated and got them brought out to us.  They were pretty cold, so it was clear they had been sitting awhile.  Other than the temperature, they were pretty good, although I'm not sure paying 50 extra cents for nutella was worth it (just a small dab of nutella on top of the stack).  But there were 3 pancakes and they were decent-sized, so I didn't feel ripped off.  Come here if you want arepas or are set on sitting indoors - otherwise the other location on campus is much better - less crowded, lower prices, and comparable food.
sOzeK0dE0BYx4Mc8dmoenQ	This review is for the ONLINE COURSE ADVISOR ONLY.I have been interested in pursuing something different from my nursing profession. So I emailed Sean with one big single question that was loaded. Wrote him on a Friday last week and got a response Sunday past. I thought that was pretty good.He gave me a lot to think about Computer Science and what would work very well for me. I was guided to listen to a few lectures online on Itunes.  His info really helped me.Now I'm more informed but I still have about 3-4 hours to go before I'm completely done.I'm impressed and very thankful!
aTO0LQOW1JsakYa37Vp-Kg	Excellent repair service at the BEST prices around. The overall attitude is customer focused. I went in today and they did a minor repair for me while I waited and then wouldn't take my money.They have a very good selection of accessories for the commuter and around town rider,  (think locks, racks, fenders, seats, lights,) including some good accessory packages.  If you're looking for racing gear or more technical stuff this probably isn't the right place for you. They also have a good selection of entry level to moderate bikes, both used and new.Their website gives a pretty good feel for what they're about. Getting in and out of Stanford campus is a little bit of a pain if you're in your car, but it's a pretty drive.
NnL6HUNY9ckb9mSbTGkjOg	Tucked away in the Quad. I might not have even noticed the little window serving Thai food had it not been recommended to me by quite a few. Options are limited, but they are fast and cheap. Chicken curry with rice for $6 is a great deal. Curry sauce was good, but there wasn't much chicken in mine.
aqWXHhcR_CdmKmxggFOlEA	It's no Greek Theater, but it will do (Go Bears!).  Frost Amphitheatre is actually a cool place - can't comment on the live music acoustics because I was there for a graduation but it's definitely scenic.  The grassy seating is probably more appropriate for a concert but there were chairs set up on the tiers and at the bottom for the graduation.  Just about every seat is good...unless you are trying to stay under the tree's shade (boy, can it get hot there) - the seats on the very edges are not so great for viewing.The one thing that is tough about this venue is that it makes it difficult for elderly or handicapped people to get around.  There is a "ramp" of sorts on the sides, but the incline is so steep (and there is no handrail) that most people who would have problems with the stairs would have problems with the "ramp".
mXYVc5jgShblQZKfGf4DmQ	My five star review goes to the nurses who work in the Apheresis Center.  I came here last February to donate my stem cells for a cancer patient I was matched with someone through the National Bone Marrow Association.  The nurses were very gentle and informative on the entire Apheresis process.  They made me feel safe and made sure I was comfortable the entire 6 hours I was there (for both days).I can tell they really care for their patients. I saw how they interacted with some of the usual patients and it seemed like they were all family.
rfXknXhrqaulF7De-PiHug	Oh CoHo, I want to like you so badly.  The CoHo's atmosphere is different from other campus eateries--it feels more organic (this also means it's more grungy) and less Stanford Bubble-ish.  That's what keeps bringing me back.  But as far as food goes, it's mostly unhealthy and un-vegan-friendly.Given, the salads are creative.  But the pastas and risotto come out of a bag that is microwaved and then plated or boxed (read: chemicals leaching into your food), though taste-wise they're not bad.  I'll forgive the time I got the vegetarian pasta and the vegetables had been sitting in the fridge a little TOO long.  The wraps and sandwiches in my experience are pretty greasy.If you're vegan, your best bet is the salad with avocado and mango.  Yummy!  Not too many options beyond that (the veggie pasta sauce has cream), plus the cafe's not on the Cardinal Dollar plan.
nOe7c9zEujvU6qcWvfAVog	This is easily the best bike shop in the bay area. In addition to being very warm, the shop maintains a policy of repairing each bike above and beyond its basic requirements. Each time I have gone there, service has been fast, thorough, and fair. Once I went to get new spokes on my back wheel; the mechanic was kind enough to clean the wheel, true it to perfection, and even readjust the breaks. I can't recommend this place enough.
iM2DYUkE3nLfw72ZXMvHQg	Incredibly helpful, patient and courteous customer service. Everyone was down to earth, not like the cycling snobs I've encountered elsewhere.
fdwVdy6TuY1kjYeEPMZKVw	I admit, I grew up with the blue and gold across the bay (Cal Bears) but moving to the Silicon Valley, I have come to admire the red and gold and the tree.  I have visited the campus for business and to check out their free lectures on space, religion and art http://events.stanford.edu/byCategory/2/, Roblos dance studio http://www.yelp.com/biz/stanford-ballroom-dance-club-stanford#hrid:g07VIHfzP7J4jcdm0degiA/src:search/query:dance, Canton art museum http://www.yelp.com/biz/cantor-arts-center-palo-alto#hrid:S3UrELw-BgqE52egVHjHtg/src:self, art galleries http://www.yelp.com/biz/thomas-welton-stanford-art-gallery-stanford#hrid:MFGCpxJeD2PT8dePg9R6YA/src:self  , sculpture gardens and art tours.After 4pm and on the weekends, the parking is free.The surrounding areas are a madhouse with traffic and parking when there are games and public events at Stanford.  They are always building, must be nice to have money and rich and generous alumnis.  Love the vibe on this campus.
6VN-wW8k_MolBrDvBX4SNA	I just left this bike store upset and offended. I asked the Asian man at the sales counter two questions. 1: Do you sell used bikes? He said "yes, outside." So far so good. 2: Do you take the Stanford Card Plan? "No, no funny money."WTF? What did he mean by that? Because I'm a woman of color, I don't pay off my credit or my bills? Is he implying that Stanford deals in shady financial practices? SCP works the same as a credit card except the charges are put on your university bill. How is that so different from any other credit card which I'm sure the store accepts?Not everyone at this school is rich or has parents who buy everything for them. Some students have to wait days for their financial aid refund to purchase necessities. Funny money? We use the card to buy textbooks! I know I don't look like the majority of students on campus. But, would he have said this to a parent or a white student? I don't think so. I was very polite when I approached him too.It's not the first time I've experienced racism on campus, including being followed by two people at the bookstore while wearing a Stanford t-shirt.  But no matter how many times you deal with it, the hurt never goes away. I don't feel comfortable shopping here at all. I'd rather trek to SF and get better service and respect. I think I will inform a manager about this tomorrow when its less busy. At least I would be standing up for myself whether they take me seriously or not.
3doc532VoZ0m2bzblO8UJw	First time coming here and I loved it. Delicious sandwiches; gave 4 stars for location but aside from that it's bomb so go!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Beautiful views from balcony. Clean eating areas. Big TVs. Quality of food seems to be better. I love thats its open longer than other dining halls.
uD3MDUJNAM3-9BilmKL4uw	Ike is a jerk, the food is pretty good but Mr. Pickles is just as good. I remember when the sandwiches were about 8 bucks, now he's just getting greedy; letting all that hype get to him. Ike get a new place, you can afford it.
VuAG11SKQeXwKolONVO3dg	Most of the time I would give their food about 2.5 stars. Mediocre quality and flavor. Sometimes it is pretty decent, but it is so inconsistent I could never give it more than 3 stars.What has really started to annoy me about Ray's though is how early they close up and stop making food. This has happened to me several times, but last night I went in at 10:25 and they said they were closed and there was absolutely no food that I could purchase, despite their posted closing time of 11pm. I could understand closing up early if it was 10:40 and no one was there, but several tables had people at them and it was more than half an hour before when they were supposed to close.
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Cheap and tasty.
OszAQJyUpB9vomvBc7dOKw	No complaints --loved my Vegan Tom Brady! Not a usually a fan of vegan options, but this was delicious, and I'd gladly order it again! (...Was tempted to dock 'em a star for calling me Angelina though)
KAAIpAHZSPySf3YE2WzTaw	As campus cafes go, this is my first choice. As campus restaurants go, this is my last choice.The cafe- daily baked pastries are very good. so is the coffee, most of the time. I worked at Starbucks for a summer, so I'm a little extra critical of lattes. If you are too, just realize that they aren't going to steam you milk perfectly, and may even burn it. However, it'll do when you can't get off campus. The restaurant- the food is blahhhh. The paninis are always super greasy. Then they put a little half-ass salad next to them to make them look fancy.  I wish this place had bagels and lunch deals where you could at least get a cheap meal, if not a quality one.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Ok place for eating in this area of campus.    Their sandwiches are around $7 and are ok, but don't compare to the nearby Ike's (the wait is much shorter here though).   They also have pizzas and specials for around the same price.  Today I had the chicken marbella - seasoned chicken with apricots, plums, and olives over saffron rice.  The chicken was surprisingly tender and tasty and it was a good portion for $7.35 I felt.   Pastries and beverages are decent and fairly reasonably priced but nothing to write home about.I give them points for taking credit cards, having friendly staff and having things other than sandwiches, burgers and burritos, which seem to be the default foods on Stanford campus.   However I have to ding them a little bit for not allowing you to get something without an ingredient.  I've been dying to try their apple and brie pizza, but it comes with bacon, which they told me they can't make it without.Make sure you ask for it to-go to avoid paying tax (you can eat wherever you want).
VRrIbj3XVpI7Io0lZu8Y4g	Okay, I found out that Ike's Place was asked by Stanford to not take phone orders. It seems that it's out of their hands.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	On campus & a fro yo craving strikes? Never fear, Fraiche is conveniently located in Tresidder. First off, it feels good to support a business that is local and provides healthy, organic fare. Second, the fro yo and toppings are very tasty! I've been here several times, and have tried the natural and the pomegranate fro yo, both tangy & smooth. I have noticed that their yogurt melts quickly, so gobble it up!Compared to other fro yo shops, Fraiche is more slightly more expensive, but you're getting quality ingredients. $4.95 will get you a regular size (about 6 oz) with 2 toppings. My fave toppings are the mochi (these are large cubes, as opposed the typical tiny ball) and fresh fruits (like mango, strawberry or kiwi). Today was a pom fro yo with all of the above items :) Deee-lish!I also enjoy their original location on Emerson in downtown Palo Alto.
-weKNThLr8N8ndNihgZJIg	I was so excited when Ike's opened at Stanford. It's a short walk from my office, and I love the new SEQ that surrounds it. My first few times there, I could look past the ridiculously long line and then the rather lengthy wait time for an innovative and fun sandwich. But something just wasn't clicking for me, and it wasn't the odd (cheap?) choice of chicken cuts (not a whole breast, not shredded, not sliced, but more like diced). And then I realized that the special sauce was overpowering the rest of the flavors -- regardless of which sandwich I got it all kind of tasted the same. Now when I venture over, I'll get my sandwich without the sauce, mayo, onions, and sometimes even banana peppers just so I can enjoy the uniqueness of each sandwich. Easy enough to remedy, and that's definitely personal preference (I know people who'd kill for their own bottle of that sauce).So why three stars and not four? The price. When they first opened, each sandwich came with a bag of chips or a piece of fruit. When they uncoupled that, it felt like they increased prices even though they dropped the prices on the sandwiches to compensate (I guess I'm a sucker for package deals). I also don't think an Ike's sandwich is enough for lunch by itself (for me at least) -- I might be imagining things, but the six incher from Subway (which is even closer to my office) seems much more substantial than a half sandwich from Ike's.
ataY9zKkPoi-fyIsKdPZLg	not bad
KQjeaqv_ZHuQwQic8HOiqw	The food is tasty and organic. Great place to eat on a warm sunny afternoon. The reason they get a 3 instead of a 4 is the portion sizes are way too small. I'm a small person and I don't eat as much as the average person. If I think the portion size is small, then something is seriously wrong here.
A-5DQIIb1YfQEBmabv-6Fw	All I can say is "wow".  Not sure how he has time to be doing this, but the service he offers is great.  I needed a bike for a week, and he made the entire process incredibly easy and inexpensive.  Highly recommend him.Doesn't get any better.
eIa4QJXp5ZNmuFORnuPvDA	I've said this before and I won't stop reiterating.. YOU MUST CALL AHEAD FOR YOUR SANDWICH!!!!!!!!!!!!You can make an order for pick up ANY time they're open that day! It allows you to skip the RIDICULOUS line and get your sandwich, NO WAIT!!We got..111. Menage a Trois (Halal Chicken, Real Honey, Honey Mustard, BBQ Sauce, Pepper Jack, Swiss, Smoked Gouda) - If you like honey mustard or sandwiches on the sweeter side, you will love this. The chicken was lightly breaded and the sandwich was so well put together that every bite seemed to have perfect proportions of everything. The sauce has a slight sweet tang  - yum.132. Change (Thinly Sliced RibEye Steak, Beer Battered Onion Rings, BBQ, Smoked Gouda) - A GREAT sandwich to pair with the Menage a Trois - that one was sweet, and this one is more savory with a BBQ sauce tang. Weird b/c I usually don't like BBQ sauce.. yet I loved this sandwich. The meat was wonderful, onion rings even MORE wonderful, and to top it off with my favorite cheese... can't go wrong there!
OzU3uTiW1cq22iEEy8_TVg	Excellent salad bar! At 42c/oz it's definitely much pricier than, say, the hospital's salad bar, but you sure get much more variety. Spinach, romaine, or spring mix today? Baby corn? Artichoke hearts? Beets? Tofu (with flavor)? Steamed broccoli? Mushrooms? Or is a ready-made pasta salad more your thing?From what it looks like, the regular entrees run about $6-$8 for lunch, which is only $1-2 more than what you would pay at the hospital cafeteria. Plus, the food looks like it has MUCH more flavor. There's fresh sushi on Mondays, but the line was way too long by the time I got there. Maybe I'll try next week!
Z1J_poUi-cfoupIxtYHt5A	An outstanding shop.  This is THE place to get a commuter bike serviced.  They service the majority of bikes on the Stanford campus (rentals and non-rentals).  They have a knowledgeable staff who can fix ANY bike.  Some of the staff are former competitive cyclists.  Their recent move to a newer shop, more conveniently located in the middle of campus, should help their efficiency.  (The old tent had charm but made me a bit claustrophobic.)  They offer air and borrowing of tools.  They get busy near closing - consider coming by during off-peak hours if you need special help.
Rw8K0VS2fhuXad9iHAIUkA	I've been climbing this gym for months now and absolutely love it.  It's not a big gym, but it has some really good route-setters and they constantly change things up, so it never gets boring.  Sometimes the hours can get a little random because of the university's schedule, but that is a minor inconvenience compared to the quality of the climbing experience.  I consider this my "home gym" and use it as a benchmark against which the others are judged.  It really is great and is only rarely crowded.  I recommend it!
-kXJlkBaFc7NxKCVf4CgJg	Go early so you get first choice and before all the noodles and veggies are gone. the prices are very reasonable and the line moves pretty quickly. There are always a lot of meat & seafood (fish) choices. Most is fried/stir fried.
EwEdVgSWVVNzCuweW3FGaA	Salty. The secret sauce effectively disguises anything else on the sandwich. Suppose it could be worse.
xADAW32u15sgA18Hfy9PsQ	Ok, if you're not a Stanford student then take this review with a grain of salt.  I've been paying $20/round for the past two years ($25 if you do not buy a 10 round script card) and each time i walk off the course, I feel as if they were paying ME!  The course tends to be in great shape, especially around May when they host some major NCAA tournaments.  The bunkers could use a bit of work, especially the one in the front of the 17th hole which must be suffering from leprosy.Quick review by hole:1st hole:  divine dog leg left.  play conservative and have an easy third shot into the green2nd:   one of the toughest driving holes.  make par and be happy.3rd:  brutal par 3.  the green might as well be the hood of a car.4th:  my bobby mcferrin hole.  after the 3rd, i need a "don't worry, be happy"5th:  fair par 4.  prevailing winds behind you.  play for the center of the green since there's a false front.6th:  #1 handicap hole for the men.  not a difficult hole though for long hitters since it's dead straight and generous on misses right.7th:  Do you like to live dangerously?  then cut some distance off this hole by taking the drive over the trees.  Tiger did.  then attack the green with a mid-iron and tap in for eagle.  Or heck get an albatross.8th:  seems so easy, but why do i not make par here?9th:  don't overthink.  pound your drive up the hill and hit a 3/4ths up to the green.  If you try to play course management, you might get into more trouble.10th:  longish par 4 with blind shot to green.  two tier so make sure to take extra club when hitting to a back pin.11th:  short par 4.  better make par before the next hole eats you up.12th:  Signature hole.  LONG DRIVE!  I always aim straight and then hope my inconsistency will take my drive left or right of the ginormous oak tree in the middle.  I've only seen one drive get passed the tree down the middle... and he chunked his sand wedge.  Why?  Because the ginormous oak tree doesn't duffers that scoff at its looming branches.  Beware of the oak tree curse!!!13th:  i'm convinced that the groundscrew likes to aim golfers 15 degrees right of the fairway by placing the tee box markers at the wrong angle.14th:  take an extra club for this par 3.  no fun to be short and have to punch a wedge straight up the side of a hill.15th:  my birdie hole.  short par 4.  almost driveable.  16th:  par 5.  on the approach shot, aim right.  better to be in the trap than the gully with US Open style rough.17th:  It's as easy as 1... 2... 3... 4...  The last time we played, "The Humble One" aced the hole.  If you have a white stick, then hit the ball onto the ridge and let it roll up... then down... rolling... it has a chance... and watch it drop!  We made eagle, birdie, par, and bogey for the 3rd ever recorded graduated scoring on a hole (google "golf digest hole in one")18th:  Great finishing hole.  Beautiful vista with views up to the SF skyline on a clear day.  Generous fairway but still tough as nails shot into the green.  Birdies are hard to come by... especially when you three jack from 15 feet like i did.Hit 'em straight!
4xGs1jqpXb1J8n33XMfwng	Food surprisingly good 5, interior 2, service 3.5,
J_2HkIwv3vTF5CjsSIkKRQ	The best way to describe Ikes is like a yuppified version of that greasy corner sandwich shop you used to know and love. On the plus side, sandwiches are very flavorful and drenched with delicious unhealthy sauces. They also offer a wide variety of veggie "meats" which, as a vegetarian, is great. Unfortunately, the service makes actually going to Ike's a major chore. A few of my top complaints are listed below:1) High price. A full sandwich costs on the order of $10 or more with no drink or chips2) Skimps on the (fake) meat. Fake meat is dirt cheap, and at $10 for a sandwich and no table service, I'd like the meat to be falling out the sides. Instead, there's often barely enough to taste.3) No menus in store. Since all the sandwiches have random names, you really have to pick out what you want to order online or on your iPhone before you go.4) Online menu prices and promotions don't always match up with in-store price. So if you decide what to order on your iphone when standing in line for Ikes, you can't always be sure what you're going to pay.5) Nickel and diming on sauces. It's $1 to add BBQ sauce to a sandwich, and even more to add pesto, on top of the $10+ you're already paying for the sandwich.6) Long waits, both in line and waiting for your sandwich. The line always moves very slowly, and a lot of the time only one of the cash registers is open. Also, the cashiers always take a very long time, even if the line's winding out the door. After you order, it always takes tens of minutes to get your sandwich. (On a very busy day, it once took 2 hours to get my sandwich after an hour wait in line).
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	I'm a little frustrated with this place.  Business is booming --- which is great for the cafe but, customer service is sliding here!  Only one cashier ever seems to be on duty during lunch hour and that person is also expected to be a coffee barista as well.  I don't like standing in line with my lunch choice for up to 15 minutes before I even get to pay!  Please hire a barista and let the cashier move people along before their lunches get cold!!
mCjFUY2xM2sUvEKdLCWrRQ	Until you've gone to Stanford you can't really imagine the sort of bizzare depression that afflicts people who have everything going for them. The faculty usually develop permanent apathy once they achieve tenure. The undergraduate community is overwhelmed by choice and lots of kids lose their direction. The graduate community is completely out of place and forced to live in an Olympic village type thing. Worst decision I ever made.
pR_5lhfJ4NmsFQDz_Ahkyw	Stanford isn't a place I'd normally think is my kind of university, but what makes it so wonderful is that it's very good at getting things done. You really feel that in the people who go here. While students at other universities will protest in demos (and they should!), they are often more likely to obsess over musical bands than try to solve the world's problems. There's such a wealth of great companies and organizations that come out of Stanford that are changing the world, and you have to respect that.I was disappointed at many entrepreneurship events at "public" universities that purposely restrict participation to their own students; that's not the real world, and that's their loss. I can't even begin to name the number of things you can do at Stanford nearly for free with almost as many privileges as someone who goes here.Stanford isn't for everybody; but if I was going to go to school there, I'd say it's worth it. Some schools toss you to the wolves after reaping huge financial tuition dollars, but Stanford takes care of its alumni. if you are going, be very clear about what kind of things you want to do with your education and the kinds of people you are open to hanging out with. For undergrads, it does attract a certain type of person, and you can find your niche, but there is a weird "more ivy league than the ivy league" atmosphere that has to be dealt with. I think grad students would be more relaxed in this atmosphere.The campus itself is gorgeous, bicycle friendly, and a pleasure to lose yourself in. You will get lost no matter how much you plan, that's just the way it is. Parking is complicated, I'd suggest even bringing a bicycle that fits in the trunk of your car, as getting a decent spot without getting ticketed is a challenge... and especially if you don't want to be late for an event!The radio station is also superb and readily accepts non students as DJs... not the case at the public universities! (it's possible but a challenge) They're also the only college radio station that has decent hip hop DJs, which is so refreshing... I thought I'd be lost in indie rock or hippie tantra music the first few months. Thanks Stanford. You know what you are and proud to be that way, and you're a lot cooler than I thought you'd be!
U6zh5WCZfV3iwtAdLQKfqA	I am basing my review purely on the quality of the yogurt alone. It takes a lot for me to say that a place deserves to get 5 stars, but really, this place deserves 5 stars. My girlfriends and I decided to stroll around the Stanford campus to catch up, and one of them suggested that we try Fraiche Yogurt since it was close by. This place is conveniently located in Stanford's student union, prefect for a quick fix of fro-yo cravings for students on campus. I ordered a tart flavored fro-yo with strawberries and mochi toppings. Flavor was perfectly tart, consistency was smooth, thick and creamy, and even the strawberries were sweet! I fell in love. Brownie points for it being organic yogurt too. The only downside is that there isn't a Fraiche Yogurt in San Jose =(.
2nN-2YH6Jznfy7lfSpGB9g	Thank you so much for making our Cinco de Mayo party such an awesome event!  I was so impressed with the professionalism of both our bartender and Carlos!  We will definitely be booking again!  Thank you thank you!
0sMaM565Vv6Gp0iuhoTiFg	SO GOOD!  If you haven't been here yet, you have to make the trip over.  Yes, the wait will be quite long if you are going during rush hours of lunch, but it is more than worth it.  The prices a bit steep, but you will know why after having one of their signature sandwiches.  It was my first experience here, but I tried the Minaj da Trio (last meat order on the menu) and it was definitely worth every penny!  The sandwich is large and very tasty as they are generous with the meat and the sauces are all very delicious.  I would suggest ordering the Dutch Crunch bread with any order as it adds an extra kick to the flavors as well
dXm0QedhQ7d26Xx0XQp9LQ	College bar/cafe. Nice. Good selection for draft beers and reasonably priced pitchers and pints of beer. They serve your usual bar fare too. Can get crowded during the evenings.Thanks for reading my review. This is based off of my personal experience and opinion.
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	I couldn't resist it.  After Lolia S. yelped about the froyo here, I had to come try for myself.  I purposely ate less for lunch today so I could have room for froyo.Not bad!  I wish they put it on the menu though and told you how many toppings you can have for $3.45.  I'm sitting here eating my froyo+blackberry, lamenting the fact that I could've had blueberries too!Oh well, I actually really like the froyo.  It tastes creamy to me, and just tart enough.  Portion size is OK.  My blackberries are really frozen though.  Ahhh I can't decide.  How many of the 3 stars are just because I LOVE froyo, and how many are because A&P actually did a good job?P.S.  Don't get the milkshakes here, or if you do,  make sure you tell them NO WHIPPED CREAM.  Otherwise half your shake will be whipped cream and it'll make you nauseous.Picture posted.
WzTapC3mZGEcX7Umvy7KtQ	No one likes hospital food and I am one of them. I work at Stanford Hospital and the cafeteria food is only to be eaten if in dire need. I might be exaggerating a little bit. haha Nexus is the nearest restaurant to get good quality and fresh food. They are only open for breakfast and lunch. The set up of this Nexus is cafeteria style. Food is made to order and sometimes during peak time the wait for food can be long. Portions are good and very fresh. That is one thing I really like about this place is that the food is fresh. So if your visiting someone at the Hospital or work there take a short walk to Nexus you won't be disappointed.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	A half soup/salad/panini lunch special combo is $6.50 at Y2E2.Coupa-Green Library has the same thing for $5.00.Granted you do have the amenities of indoor seating and "waiter service" consisting of people delivering your food in exchange for your tag number.Always a huge line/wait during peak lunch hours so either get their early or be prepared to hold off on chomping in. Their sandwiches are always solid and the tomato bisque (when they have it) is great! Their small coffee is usually more than enough to give me a caffeine kick for the afternoon.
H309OFMbqu9Ko6TV6WDRQg	The only thing that sucks about this place is where it's at, but I bet Stanford students would disagree with me. Getting there from just about anywhere stinks. You have to park in the engineering parking structure, walk through the Yang building, then finally into the Huang Engineering Center.Also, there was a dogpile of undergrads in there who were staring at my wife's pregnant belly with a look of "whoa. Who did that to you?" I suppose when I was 19, I was no different.The Menage a Trois was easily the best sandwich I've had thus far in the Bay. This is after 10 months of searching and a really bad experience with a reuben that purported to be "world famous". My ass.So, take Ike's and plunk it into a more geographically accessible location and I'd be there at least once a week.  This is my go-to place for sandwiches, that is, when I'm near the Stanford campus which is about once a month.Oh...we went on an off-hour because this place is CRAZY BUSY.  If you go, be warned.
hOPhxpCvB2bKjRoMG16OCw	i used to come here at times when i was on campus....and well, never really found a liking to it. the sandwiches are decent, but nothing extraordinary. they can't even toast any of the sandwiches (unless you get it on sliced bread) and THEY DON'T EVEN PROVIDE FREE WATER. well, i should say COLD water.....they only have a steaming hot water faucet for coffee, and that's about it. i hate being forced to either buy a water bottle or a overly-sweet drink. as for the sandwiches, ive tried the veggie and turkey. the toppings always fall out, and i have to end up eating it layer by layer.....have they not discovered toothpicks yet? i guess this review turned out more bitter than i anticipated. but when you have the option of nexus right next door (where you can make your own, cheaper sandwich), i don't understand why you'd choose this option.
d-mSKmb0c09vIdWJmEnggQ	I used to eat here 4 times a week, on purpose! I even forced my hubby to accompany me once AFTER I had already graduated, just to show him this little delightful nook tucked into the basement of Jordan Hall that was so big a part of my life. I did warn him, though, that even though the line looked long, he really didn't have a lot of time to make up his mind. I explained to him that it would move much faster than he could comprehend, and that most importantly, when the cashier came out and pointed at him, that was the MOMENT to deliver his desired order. Any hesitation, any stumbling, any slurring of speech, at all, would result in his being passed over and subjected to the utmost humiliation.He must not have believed me, because although we agreed on what we would have, at the last instant, when faced with the Finger, hubby did a Porky Pig..."Ibidyibidyibidyibidy..." and what sounded like a bunch of hems and haws.Thankfully, I was right behind him and could jump in gracefully: "Plain Noodle Salad, and he'll have the Chicken Noodle Salad." Phew! Then, of course, when it comes time to fork over the money, you had better have your money out and your change correct, or you will hold up the line and you WILL know, beyond a doubt, that you made a boo-boo. Well, it is certainly the model of efficiency, and good value for the money to boot. I can't wait until the campus wakes up again for Fall Quarter just so I can go again.
TbjFvek74Qrg7qAuxZ9OPw	This place is actually pretty good for a "restaurant" on campus. The BLT is generally decent to good. It's usually jam packed. Jazz plays in the background sometime.
1fbqafPJJ-kxQgrJqt9wPQ	As good as it gets for Stanford food.  Really fresh ingredients and flavorful.  I always get the southwestern chicken salad.  Don't get it from the fridge since it's not tossed.  Soooo good even without all the dressing and cheese (sometimes I get it too drenched in dressing).  It is huge.  I used to eat it M-Th last year.
P5bUL3Engv-2z6kKohB6qQ	Great little amphitheatre which I wish they'd use for more current concerts. Saw Big Bad Voodoo Daddy a few years back play before 4th of July. Pasking is a pain the way it's organized for events but it's quite a nice venue and is seemingly underutilized.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	I come here because I have a free membership as part of being a student, not because I have any real love for the place.It's massive, it's got everything... And still, between the hours of 4-7, you'll have to wait 10-20 minutes for a treadmill.  They're always playing music, which is a crapshoot whether you'll enjoy or not, and the system for hearing the tv is really confusing.But. It is very expansive and comprehensive in the things it has. It's open almost all the time. And it's logically laid out. I'll give them that.Of course, I have to lodge the biggest complaint against the place: there are no showers or locker rooms or changing rooms at all. It's preposterous and horrible for anyone who doesn't live on campus. You have no choice but to work out at the end of your long grad student day, unless you want to become known as Allison "sweaty pits" M. Which you don't. Trust me.
ixEhJBN7xGFuc61I1WikfQ	Good sandwiches. My new favorite sandwich joint on the Peninsula.  We ordered the "Bill Walsh," "Tim Lincecum" and several other sandwiches.  I've only been once, and now I want to go back and sample more from their menu (there are a LOT of sandwiches listed on the menu).  The "dirty sauce" was pretty good - as advertised.  I'd heard that the portions are really big, but they seemed almost standard.
-qn-gcolrpS4izQ57v5Tog	Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse. Is there a 0 star rating?
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Dinkelspiel Auditorium (Stanford University)....Performance venuesCome in all shapes and sizesOn Stanford's campus!Dinkelspiel Aud.Is one of the larger onesGetting older too!Gospel choir showsConcerts, recitals, plays, danceRussian President!Stanford Jazz WorkshopVictor Wooten and othersTook the stage this week!A friend's son's first playWent live late last Spring QuarterThe Ones Left Behind!Brings back memoriesBoth big and not-yet-big namesHave entertained us!Past its hey-day yet?Hard to say since Kresge closedOnly time will tell!
T6jCRh9Qi6bzAp-TG2Duvw	Beautiful campus, relatively flat for biking. Weather is pretty consistent, with rain every now and then. Although there are some terribly hot days in the summer that make you think you live in a steamer.The classes are okay too =)I guess I should start studying...
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	Yes, we all call her the Soup Nazi lady at the Thai cafe. So what? We tell everyone in our department who is new about the Thai cafe, and we usually accompany them on their first visit. The only trick is, know what you want BEFORE you get in line. That's all. Then you won't get thrown out of line.Go at 11:30. She can even be patient when there is no line. I really admire her. She does a great business, good food, and in the end, weeding out the indecisive people shows respect to her regulars. Props to her. And throwing people out of line creates word-of-mouth advertising. People go there just for the experience, to see if anyone gets thrown out of line.If you haven't been here...they have a set menu of a few dishes. Pick what you want off the menu, including your beverage choice. Then you get in line. Have cash, pay, and you get your food just about instantly and keep on moving. The perfect thing for a quick lunch on the go, and just about everything is tasty. Surprisingly, the chicken salad is one of the spiciest things on the menu, so if you get that, get some milk or something too, yo.Seating is limited right near the cafe. Go on a nice day and sit on the oval or by the quad, or this is great when you're on the go.
mwl0oNajjOrtD03XuLf50g	The mechanic here is really thorough and does a great job. I took my Chevy Colorado here last year to have my brakes looked at. I had a less than mediocre brake job from another mechanic and needed it all re-done. Their mechanic Kurt did his research and learned as much about my vehicle as he could to make the appropriate repairs. He communicated and updated me regularly, I work close by so he was able to show me what they had to repair. I returned a couple of times because the brakes started to squeak prematurely. He was able to make adjustments free of charge for me. It seemed to be a chronic problem and I knew how involved of a brake job this vehicle requires. The fact that Kurt regularly made same day inspections and adjustments on the fly give this place a good review. The fact that he did more research when I had to return those couple of times and he found repair bulletins specific to my vehicle noting common problems reported and observed by GM give this 5 stars. I will likely go back here to purchase and install upgraded brake rotors based on the info we discussed.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	I had an old, old gas scooter and took it here for service because it hadn't been driven in I think 20 years. They took it, drained the oil, filled it with fresh oil. Put in a new gas/oil mix, checked the brakes and other stuff and low and behold, it ran perfectly.Plus, it was really cheap to do. I have nothing but good things to say about this place. It may have changed since then, but I can't review about what I don't know so 5 stars for me.Service was great. As far as bikes go, I would take mine to them too just for the service, they know their stuff as far as I am concerned.
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	Wonderful cafe lattes and great service! Love the coffee choices, and lots of items to pick from the menu. I want to try the food next, but the coffee is just one of the best places on campus. Don't miss.
Wp1eXyqonZRA1SHzzWJoFA	Ike's made my favorite sandwich (Turkey Bacon Avocado on Dutch Crunch) even better by adding that dirty sauce on it. Mmmmm diiiiirty sauce. If you like turkey sandwiches, get the "SF Giants" and if you are feeling a little risque...add the pesto (free.99). Next time, I might just go extra on the dirty sauce too.The bf got half a "Menage a trois" and half a "Matt Cain". He liked the Menage a trois better, probably because he loves bbq sauce, but I concur that it was better.I can't see you going wrong with any of the sandwiches, just pick your favorite kind of sandwich, have it with Ike's sauce, and it'll become your new favorite favorite sandwich (not a typo, i did say favorite twice).Oh minor one-star deduction, the half sandwich is on the smaller side and is  $6. A little steep for half a regular sandwich, but I guess this isn't just a regular sandwich. I'd still come back and try other sandwiches. Thanks for bringing your sandwiches to the S.Bay Ike!
N9Zjnn-iSpv1khwnJGl0Vg	Great course, second only to Williams' Taconic Golf Club as the best college golf course in the country.  The holes have a TON of variety and the course is well-maintained.  Haven't played it since they've re-designed it, since it's only open to Stanford affiliates & my buddy has graduated.  But if you get the chance to play, it's well worth the $100.
r6JREvdLMV42Foi9j8t_SA	I went there twice for lunch. They make fairly good sandwiches for a very reasonable price.You order your food and then take it with you at your seat.There is a big outside area at the back where you can enjoy your meal and stay for a couple of time.A nice and peaceful place!
w1dkeq5tQY6-wnReBa8lXw	I have tried a lot of frozen yogurts, across ten or so states, and I can declare with absolute certainty that Fraiche is the best yogurt I have ever had. It truly tastes like 'yogurt' - creamy, smooth, just tart enough ... a must for any 'fro'yo afficionado like myself. Toppings - although limited, the yogurt and quality of toppings makes up for it. Try the homeade mochi - sinfully delicious!Also - great location; a must for every cardinal!
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	These guys are amazingly friendly.  I don't ever make an appointment, I just drop my bike off in the morning and it's done by 5 pm the same day.  They've always charged me super reasonable prices (or even like $0 for super basic help) and I've learned more about how to take care of my bike.  Also, they never judge me for having an older bike, which I greatly appreciate (don't dock my trusty commute steed!).All of their rental bikes are for sale (except road bikes) from $250-$450, I heard the guy say.  They also have a pretty good selection of parts. (Including things that aren't on the wall...just ask and you might be surprised what they have lying around that they're up for selling.)This is the place to go for friendly, fast, and affordable service.Plus they usually have a candy dish!  Win!
MEbMAASxW0dTWDMSII-y5g	Work at Stanford hospital.  This is the best option hands down within walking distance if you have 45min or less for lunch.  Good size portions, normally can't finish, great salad bar, nice location, and friendly workers.  Open for dinner as well weekdays.  Try it.
JaoluQLUph2W-671aDpWxQ	I love Ikes and found out that this place just opened since San Francisco is too chilly for this time to wait in the cold so hearing about this place, I had to drag my best friend and boyfriend to experience it's goodness! When we arrived to Stanford, it was really hard to find the place. We had to use the campus map and even that was a little confusing. Eventually we found the place and to our surprise at 11:30, there isn't a long line like San Francisco. But that was fine by me because I was hungry! At this particular location, they do not give free chips with a sandwich because their price is cheaper than SF but fear not. You still get your caramel apple lollipop.Anyways, the sandwich I wanted wasn't on the menu which is the Hollywood Cheesesteak but I still asked for it and sure enough, they know how to make it! So we waited for a couple minutes and a whole rush of people were behind us and continued to crowd until we got our sandwiches and left. Which means that even at this location, no one can get enough of Ikes! I loved my sandwich here and would recommend people to come here since it's closer but sill still go to the one in SF if I'm ever in town.
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Makes you appreciate Nexus Cafe much more.
J4p8zd9QiH7DwP2R2aQcbQ	The food here is not so bad.  It's typical of what you would expect at a Subway.  Most of the staff there are Stanford students.  My only real complaint of this place is that the lines are usually long, even during late lunch hours.
8k4_OJV44UJ7jZ__UEQ1vw	I agree with the last two reviews, Sunken Diamond is one of the best venues in the Bay Area to watch baseball.  I'm a huge Giants fan, but for some that might feel jaded or cynical about professional sports, the Stanford Cardinal might provide the better alternative.  You get to see kids bust their ass and play hard to get to the next level and for the pride of their university.  The teams Mark Marquees fields are usually competitive.It should be separated into two categories since Sunken Diamond is gem to behold in itself.  The venue might only pack 1,000 but the field is gorgeous as well as the fan friendly seating stands.  For those that appreciate baseball at all level, they won't be disappointed taking in a game at Sunken Diamond.
faI4ufIVH1m7EOFV9m2rVA	Ike's is a sandwich's sandwich.  It is packed with the meat or vegetarian/vegan option you chose (no skimping here), loaded with toppings, and is always savory.  The variety is unbeatable--if you want it, Ike's has it.  I usually get the Jack Skellington, but if I picked something completely random from the menu it would be good as well.There is always a ridiculously long line here.  I bypass this by calling my order in, so I can just go up to the side register to pick up and pay. I have to reduce the rating by one star, however, for the service.  I haven't had one phone order go without a hitch: either the order was forgotten, late, the wrong sandwich was made, or a canceled sandwich was made anyway.  Yet, despite all that, I still can't wait to go to Ike's again.  Ike's is too good not to eat here.
Pp4doAlCjxOxemlkTc7ERQ	Great price on coffee in the mornings until 11am. You can't beat $0.50 for a 12oz coffee! Gloria, the cafe manager, is the best! She and her staff always give excellent service. They are now serving sandwiches and salads for lunch.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	Ike is like the Pied Piper of deliciousness.I have never had a more incredible vegetarian sandwich.  I don't know if I've ever had a more mindblowing sandwich, anywhere, ever.  The Pilgrim and the vegetarian version of the Jim Rome are both worth committing felony offenses for.Yes, the lines are always long and the prices are a little high... But I have yet to find a single lunch place in the greater Palo Alto area that I prefer.I wrote Ike a note to this effect that I casually slipped onto his table while he was doing some work in the Place.  I also proposed marriage to his sandwiches.  Perhaps this gives some indication of how much you should be craving some avocado, pesto, tofurkey, fake'in, Dutch Crunch, cranberry sauce, and that warm feeling that bubbles up inside you when they call your name and your perfect, masterpiece of a sandwich is ready...
OYokNKLHhf94kHhYW6cayw	Bunch of idiots looting people with late fees. Eventually, the car rental companies like Enterprise / Avis / Budget come out to be much cheaper when you take the late fees into picture. A 50$ late fee even if you are 5 minutes late, and the car is available for an extension... grow up guys, eventually you will be sued.Customer service sucks when you need them. The iphone app sucks too.Beware of other reviews that flatter zipcar, they are mostly written by their own agents
Hxz4U00ZcadEzEVwG-Yslw	came back and got a Lincecum. Without question the greatest sandwich I've ever experienced. Make sure to ask for pickles, peppers, and onions they don't come on the sandwiches but they're free to add. With the Lincecum and the Matt Cain Giants starting pitchers are the sandwiches to get at Ike's. I think the Lincecum just edges out the Cain though.The parking can be a little overwhelming during the week. There aren't very many spaces and you've got to pay, but I noticed that parking is not enforced on weekends or past 4:00 PM so you can park where ever you want then.
0CqAmHUSWPEQdrnCbDiaVA	It's Stanford...'nuff said.It's a beautiful campus located in Palo Alto.  The only real problem with it is, like the rest of the valley, it's way to effing hot in summer.  Obviously Stanford's reputation speaks for itself and the university has a lot going on and is very involved in the local community.
ECZPvbk-sp4V2Yj_tfQERw	I am completely and utterly a member of the Ike's fan club. The Menage a Trois is absolutely amazing...messy, but amazing. The Name of the Girl I'm Dating is also yummy... I've also tried the Matt Cain which was good, but I don't know why I'd ever order anything but Menage a Trois from here on out!
vg1J5bnQlpGGlT0XRfXqIQ	Free wifi of course (Stanford)Mexican hot chocolate! (A+)Black and White cookies (A)Lemon bars (A+)
Vf8IskDj3MWzmTyWnfS8Tw	It's a great place to get coffee and meet people. Does smell slightly weird at times, though!
CZO8rFIsL89pjM2La5u6AQ	It is little known, and hidden away,, but there is a Rodin Garden  on the Stanford Campus that is amazing.  Those Rodin sculptures in Paris, London, Legion of Honor, etc.. get their just publicity, but seeing the Burgers of Calais and The Gates of Hell during the sunset at Stanford is breathtaking.
vB8YCXg61Knx81tZ-E180A	If you're a graduate student at Stanford, this rating is for you. If you're not, then you may drop it down a star because you won't really know the people, there's not hard liquor and it doesn't look like a "bar" bar. The great thing about this bar is that it's just like Cheers-everybody knows your name (if you're a Stanford grad student or one of the few non-grad student peeps who hangs out here on the regular). The second great thing about it is that they have good and affordable food. There's a decent amount of variety and it's not just fried, fatty bar food. They've got several salads and pastas and a sundry mix of other things. I'm a big fan of the fish tacos, ribs and mozzarella stix. The food is of good quality because the family that owns the pub runs a catering business and other eating establishments and they believe in high quality ingredients. There are occasionally specials that they bring in from other establishments or catering events, but they're also usually good. You can get food to go and even call in orders. They stop serving food by 10pm each night, so don't count on it for super-late food. The beer selection isn't huge, but they have about 6 beers on tap and a few others you can get in a bottle. There's also wine and soju mixed drinks (they only have a license for beer and wine because there's an undergrad dorm right next door). The soju comes in flavors similar to various hard liquors (tequila, rum, vodka) and it's the strength of sake, so not strong, but it's not wussy either. There's a pool table, 2 wide flat screen TVs and a jukebox for entertainment. Also, on Tuesday nights, they have free comedy. On various Thursday nights, they also have some events. There's a back patio, as well with bench seating.Decor isn't the most exciting. This is because the bar is located in the Graduate Community Center and the donor for the building has very strict guidelines on what can and can't be allowed in his buildings. So don't blame it on the bar owners. Bartenders are cool (and I'll totally admit that I know them since they're students/former students), but they do attend to customers quickly and make sure everyone's taken care of and they're great folks to talk with.
kDmoRExh2U9AWDy4h3Ki0w	Coupa on campus offers the same great food and awesome spicy mochas as off campus in downtown PA.  I subtracted one star because my favorite arepa (the one with bean, and cheese, and cream) had cheese that wasn't as tasty as it is downtown (tasted a little sour).
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	On a clear day.....I can see forever.It is a very nice treat to work on the Stanford campus.  Every day is a holiday.  Every walk a parade.As a staff person, all I need to do is flash my ID badge and I get to the top of the tower.  And I can see forever.
KxPe0dskXh3y_Ai7OvMrmg	The food is awesome. Consistent, flavorful, and reasonably priced-- if you're already on campus.  Inspired by this cafe's veg curry, I traveled around the world in search of the world's best vegetarian curry. I've never tasted a better one-- rich, spicy, butternut squash, potatoes, carrots, mushrooms, onions, and beans in a coconut milk I think. The spices make it. The plain noodle salad is also a great meal.
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	The Papua New Guinea Sculpture Garden is on Stanford's Campus. It is located at the intersection of Santa Tersa and Lomita Dr. In 1994, ten sculptors from Papua New Guinea came to the Stanford campus for a five-month visit. They created each of the sculptures that stand at the garden. There are over 20 works, made from tree trunks and stone.There are placards located within the garden which describe the meaning of the sculptures and what they represent within the culture. The sculptures are kind of hidden, in a grove of trees, which makes it uniquely eerily calm and serene. Bring a picnic lunch, there are tables. They even created sculptures influenced by the Rodin bronzes near the Cantor Arts Center and the Main Quad.
-zQwQs_cquJIzPgOPJsvfw	Whaa.. wat daaa... wtf is going on in my mouth?! This wonderfully scrumptious explosion of flavor is making me... I musn't be vulgar here on Yelp.My first time to Ike's, but definitely not going to be my last!I got the SF Giants on dutch crunch. There are so many flavors but very balanced and they compliment each other.I can go on & on but the other half of my sammich awaits!
2i-y5BCiUOXCqzWIz6NZXw	I heard a lot about Ike's and my friend specifically invited me to come try it out. I had the Spiffy Tiffy. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't that great either (chicken meat was a little dry/chewy). Once you take away the crazy-names and the organic/halal meat, it's just a decent sandwich place. I much prefer Specialties to it. That's just me...Oh, they don't give cups out for water (apparently Stanford has banned disposable cups as part of a green initiative), but around the corner is a coffee machine that has cups and there is a water fountain downstairs.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	A centrally located indoor cafe at Tressider for those not interested in the elements (ie sun and wind) near Coupa - Green Library. The prices are a bit higher than the other places around campus (ie a cookie put me 2+ dollars in the hole). That said the repertoire of pastries they have here is comprehensive.General food remarks: salads are interesting. Paninis and other sandwiches aren't too special.Head here for some coffee and a place to do work.
oYrD51tsMhVHtqCOOJo6og	The revamp of this place has made me forget that it was closed for a good year or two during my college career. The pastries are superb (if I remember correctly, they're now delivered from Satura cakes) and one of the many great Coho coupons in Stanford's Unofficial Guide can score you a free one. The mood is generally chill; I've spent hours here with my laptop and a nice chai, although there are those nights that feature some of the noisier campus bands.I have one great standby here: the tomato-mozzarella panini with basil. It's always grilled just right and presented with a side of fresh greens. The other vegetarian options (pear and goat cheese salad, the Coho salad) are ok too, but none of them really compare to having the tomato-mozzarella panini for a light lunch.
8fgiuFMuN5yfoALzts-K7w	Nexus is a generic cafeteria that is trying really hard, unsuccessfully, to be an enlightened eating experience.  Behold its yuppie-riffic mantra (pulled from the restaurant's website): 'NeXus (connection / link) n1. A well-crafted environmentally conscious restaurant using superior ingredients, professional cooking techniques and ethical practices 2. Chef created and inspired meals 3. Friendly and knowledgeable service 4. A great option for eat-in or take-out, catering and special events 5. Not just for lunch anymore - now enjoy a hearty breakfast and delicious dinner daily 6. At NeXus... it is our pleasure to serve you!Perhaps there's something I'm missing here, but Nexus fails on most of these counts.  I'm not sure what is so 'environmentally conscious' about this place.  In fact, if you look in all of the confusing trash/recylce bins, it appears that the attempt is doing more harm than good: given all of the confusing instructions, discarded items are invariably placed in the wrong places.  Ingredients and food are pretty run of the mill.  You can get a burrito, some tacos, some noodles, some fried rice, etc. etc. -- hardly 'inspired.'  Service is, truly, friendly, however I've never asked any of the employees anything so I can't know if they are knowledgeable.  I've only eaten here for lunch , so I can't really speak to their catering or breakfast offers.In sum, the burritos are fine.  Just don't expect anything spectacular (and be prepared to shell out a bit more than you might anticipate).
isSlR0cY7PhXUbuRI8qwvA	great bargain if you're a stanford affiliate. kind of expensive otherwise. for example, my husband has to pay over 100 bucks the first hole is cool because you hit your drive over junipero serra if you do the full 18, get a cart because the back 9 is very hilly. but if you do twilight and looking to get in 9 or so, walking is fine. the driving range is nearby and is decent and convenient if you're on campus. there's also a nice free putting/chipping practice area next to the first hole behind the tennis courts.
mi6raRWQboj29_hGUo01jg	This place caters to hungry athletes, so the portions are large and prices are reasonable (at least compared to other places on campus). So it's a great place to go after a hard workout and stuff your face. Breakfasts are a highlight and the smoothies are pretty good. For lunch, I usually go with one of the hot sandwiches (my go to is the tuna melt with jack and avo on sourdough). The meatball is the only special I'll usually get as the others are usually overcooked or dry. The salad bar got an upgrade recently, but a lot of the veggies are still out of a bag or can.Hang out long enough and you may even catch a glimpse Mr. A in the flesh!
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	If you are a Stanford-affiliate, this is one of the best ways to access aerobics and yoga classes.  Location?  Excellent.  Parking in the evenings is free on Stanford Ave, but you can probably bike/walk from wherever you are anyways.  Price?  The best.  $6 a class (usually) and super affordable all-access passes for the quarter or year.  I'm most enthusiastic about the times.  While there are tons of PE classes at Stanford, most are at obnoxious times.  I don't want to go work out in the middle of the afternoon - I'm busy then!  The SAY classes are predominantly in the morning and evenings.  Kelly's kickboxing class is awesome.  The group is small enough (10-20) that she knows what fraction of people are new and if people are not keeping up or not.  Of course, the best part is that it is a super fun workout!  The instructors are (primarily) Stanford students themselves, so they are doing this because they want to, not because it is their job.  You know that everyone in the room will be having fun!
r8-OJqMvraQHnzCcFbiCvg	I have very weird, complex medical issues, and over the past few years I've seen a number of therapists, all of whom have made things worse rather than better... until I went to MORE. Zaldy (the head PT) is absolutely amazing, I just can't say enough good things about him!
2N2i8MSCWHIF75E6VntaoA	Nice people at the counter. I've been here several times and never had any trouble.Reasonably quick work, considering they don't get a single break in the line throughout the day! Which also means, there is definitely going to be a line considering the daytime population of Stanford, and the amount of postal work going on here - but it aint the post office's (PO) fault is it? Realize that the postal volume of the University is so high that it has it's own zipcode! And there is only one PO to serve this huge volume generating community.Parking is trouble - but again, the main reason for the PO's location is to serve the students' staff's needs. And they don't need parking. Any one else can do the same thing that students and staff do without complaining - park elsewhere and take the free Marguerite shuttle to the PO. The location is designed to serve this purpose.For people from outside Stanford - it is not even easy to reach here. Why would anyone want to come to a Stanford PO from, let's say, Palo Alto, Menlo Park, or Los Altos when there are POs in these cities already?
c_T9sGM79aM9KGXKy7FTwA	Well, if everyone's going to review Stanford's campus as a tourist destination, I'll do the same....and point out that as a campus, it ain't all that.Palm Drive and the oval are amazing, I'll acknowledge that. Gorgeous, though perhaps in more of an over-the-top, overly perfect way than most campuses, but still gorgeous nonetheless. I genuinely enjoy that part of my visit every time.But when you venture west, east, or south from the oval, the appeal quickly diminishes. The buildings are nice enough, but there's no soul, no vitality. Everything looks a little too new and shiny, even corporate, and the HUMAN activity that makes the Cal campus so vibrant is utterly missing in the quiet sprawl of Stanford's vast expanse (which suffers even more from the lack of a nearby student-friendly commercial district unlike at Cal or UCLA or Texas or most schools....)Yeah, even as a place to visit, Stanford is overrated.
IBrL-6twlZmQBGLdV2DQiw	By far my favorite place to eat on campus.  And surrounded by the Rodin sculpture garden, right off of Palm Drive?  Can't beat it.All-organic, super fresh comfort sandwiches, salads, soup, etc. From Jesse Cool.Had one of the paninis -- roasted asparagus, goat cheese, sundried tomato pesto, spinach and creamy green goddess dressing.  Phenomenal.  YUM.  Served with red cabbage sauerkraut and roasted potatoes.  So good.Next time maybe the rocky freerange chicken, bacon and point reyes bleu sando...Only open for lunch... except on Thursdays when dinner goes til 8, I think.
Zrj6CuQRRs38siAjuBl2MA	I love the 750.  It's clean (like an office building, but I happen to like that), the food is decent (burgers and pasta), and the bartenders are awesome to talk to.  I suppose the only problem is that the service tends to be a bit slow, especially if there is a crowd.  But they do host a mean comedy night, and there are always fun grad student events there.
iL_CR-WQnveqrff9LecqAQ	Best banking experience of my life. I never thought I'd say that, in all seriousness.Irina S, was unbelievably helpful today. She got everything I needed done, noticed there was a better checking account for me & changed it over, & she even made me copies & gave me a envelope to mail something. I am not kidding.I am moving overseas and she gave me a lot of good information, as well as let me know I could email her if I ever lost my debit card overseas or just needed help. Since a lot of her customers at Stanford live or travel internationally, she knows the ins & outs.This is some of the best customer service that I've had in years & definitely my best experience banking. I thankfully got rid of my crappy credit union account. If someone tells you banking with a little local credit union is better, tell them to go for it & take your own money to Wells Fargo.If you ever need to go into Wells Fargo & you are on the Stanford Campus, go see Irina. You'll thank me.
B5OvwyNefxULg5g5rMRJIg	Way more convenient than trying to find the always-moving Ike's in the City! Followed the detailed directions of yelper Megan L. (thanks, Megan!) and found the cafeteria without a hitch. I called our order in thinking that it would be busy at  close to noon on a Saturday morning. Walked in around 11:20 to pick up the order I called in 10 minutes prior and was instantly handed my sandwiches. No lines, no fuss, no nothing! Now that is an experience in itself as I have waited over an hour for Ike's in the city.Now...on to the sandwiches! Love Triangle-a vegetarian's dream come true! Honey mustard, bbq sauce, different kinds of cheeses...nom nom nom!! I will be back for more! Also had  a sandwich with red pesto (can't remember the name) which was also heaven-in-my-mouth.Ike's just never fails to please me and I like the fact that I can now have Ike's without a) having to travel all the way to the city b) having to wait in an insane long line c) having to go on a wild goose chase to find out what kitchen in The Castro Ike's cooking at. : )p.s. always order your sandwiches on Dutch Crunch-you won't regret it. Promise!
8WqDNxCgsKtN6wiIOT6qBw	This Ike's is in Stanford's engineering library, so unless you come with a friend who's a Stanford student (which I did), it may be hard to find.I ordered a Menage a Trois sandwich along with a sugar Pepsi (they have good drink selections). The sandwich was pretty tasty (lots of complex flavors with the multiple sauces), but unfortunately a bit too messy and sticky as they drenched the whole thing in honey.They need to improve their ordering method, as they only have one stapled menu print-out to display to everyone. A chalk-board or multiple laminated menus would be helpful.I'll be back for more though the next time I head up to the Bay Area. Their huge menu all looks tasty!
EuIh4hwfMCxO05BilHhRrQ	Generally, service is really great. The store is a small space and can get pretty hectic. Prices are decent- you could get a cheaper bike at Target, but it wouldn't be the same quality. Make sure you get a good kryptonite lock!!
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	You know, my whole life people tell me I'm pretty coordinated, I have a bit of rhythm, I should take a dance class.So I signed up for waltz. Ah, to be like Fred & Ginger, gliding across the floor. I'd even settle for Belle and the Beast actually...So I show up for the first class. Me and like 60 other people. Actually, maybe 80 people. The teacher was way late, like 30 minutes late. They separated the men and women. They showed the men how to do the step, and the women were just supposed to internalize that and do it backwards without hardly ever showing them how to do it. Then we paired up, in a long line, and would rotate partners. Of course, since I was like six rows back and couldn't even see the steps they taught, let alone flip them around in my head to do it backward, I started messing up. If you mess up when everyone is dancing in a line, you mess everyone up. My partner (a stranger)started yelling at me. It was awful.I decided to drop the class. Too many people, not enough instruction. The club told me classes booked online have no refunds. Now they tell me!So if anyone wants my $50 credit...
1k6Yuk4Ww0LiXknsAe5-2g	This one isn't comparable to the one in SF. The quality of the sandwiches is definitely different. Not as big! Before you take a trip tip:It's actually on Stanford campus, due to recent construction you probably have to park in the visitor parking structures and walk about 6 blks to get there.It's kind of hard to find, given all the building are similar. There are outside patio umbrellas, to let you know you are close. Opens on weekend, hard to find parking, and pretty expenses for sandwiches, all in all good sunday afternoon.
oTv_z2y8phea2Ab6Y7w40Q	All organic, local and sustainable ingredients. WINnING!!!this is a wonderfully hidden gem on the Farm.  i'm going to surprise my DH with a lunch date. we'll check out the museum first, find the Thinker, then head over to the COOL cafe for a chillaxing lunch on the patio, alls the while admiring the statues of rodin.  i might even have to wear my fancy sunglasses and make like a tourist in europe ;)had the cobb salad which is artfully presented. love love love5 stars all the way!!
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	They are close to my office on the Stanford campus and they have really decent veggie burgers.  The fries are pretty good too, but I'm usually a fan of thinner, crispier fries, not the bigger, smooshier ones they offer at Jimmy's.  I come here only occasionally and I've only ever gotten veggie burgers, salad bar (meh, it's salad, not so exciting accoutrements), and snickerdoodle cookies.I like coming here for the eye candy almost as much for the food.  :)  Lots of very strapping young fellas fresh from a workout and a shower.  (If they're stinky, no thanks).
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	I just don't see what all the hype is about. We got to skip the line because we ordered a bunch of sandwiches in advance for an event, but I was expecting a lot more from Ike's than I actually got. I was expecting a mind-blowing explosion in my mouth, but what I had for lunch was really just a sandwich. Nothing special, and definitely nothing worth a half hour wait.
Bm64uNe_NT2G_EyT3A8h3A	I love Bytes Cafe it is my favorite place to eat on campus.  It lost a start purely because they play loud music, if they would turn down the music I would give them 5 stars. So eat outside.My favorites are the Brie/Apple pizza and the Harvest salad with lots of yummy walnuts.  The salad is big enough that I usually save half for the next day.  I also like the fact that they have free self-serve ice water so that I don't have to waste money on a drink.  Oh, and the owner really does look like Mr. Big.
60keUBOnuNHy4jHqqqEwTw	As noted by the other reviewers, Thai cafe is the best deal for lunch on campus.  The food is hot and decent, with a variety of curries, soups and salads.  The most important thing to note is that you must keep the line moving as The Cashier does not tolerate any dawdling or indecision! (Even if it's 11:40 and there's only 3 people in line).  Here are some helpful hints for the first time you go:1) Know what you want before you go.  If necessary, spend a little time at your desk praticing your order, much as you did Spanish verb conjugations in High School. For Example:Pork Salad, please.Pork Salad, please.2) Before you walk there, count out your money and have it ready to go. If necessary, palm it before you leave to ease the transaction.3) Wait in line. This is a good time to practice ordering with a friend.  4) Walk in the door. This is your time to act.  Glance quickly at the menu,  if necessary.  Try not to change your order at this point, as this will could to the moment of indecision, earing you the burning scorn of The Cashier.5) The person in front of you is ordering. Steady now, wait for it... Next!6) Order quickly! Hand over the money! Smile!7) Ok, The Cashier seems satisfied.  Now just wait for The Dude Who Brings The Food From The Mysterious Room (or TDWBTFFTMR).  8) Good Job!  Now enjoy your lunch outside.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	How can you beat free. Come on, this is a gem of a service. If you are in the Stanford, Palo Alto, Menlo Park area, you know Marguerite. It runs often but the reliability isn't that reliable so don't expect on time movements.Not as fast as driving, not as fast as biking but faster than walking. So smile, sit down and leave the driving to them.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	Tressider is my go-to spot for lunch of the Stanford Campus. Food court style, Tressider has so many different choices for whatever I am craving. You can get Subway sandwiches here, pizza (love the pepperoni), panini w/ caeser and pasta salad, chinese fast food, burritos and mexican food, sushi, bento boxes and more! Fraiche Yogurt is now also in Tressider!
EnoYjb9sqNqNSdzMbElqvw	I went today and I wanted a sandwich that was similar to my usual turkey and cheese at any other sandwich place. The cashier recommended the Joe Plummer which was turkey, ham, and brie cheese. It was by far one of the best sandwiched I've ever had!The service was alright; we asked for some peppers but they were taking a long time so we just dropped it. Otherwise it was a really great lunch!
93XxSBeYPQ-S9QuNQIxmUA	Coffee is decent, but the service is hit or miss, especially around lunch. You'll often wonder where your order is only to find it chilling behind the counter. Avoid the paninis; I'm staring at my rosemary chicken panini, and the chicken looks like it came out of a microwave about an hour ago (see picture). There's no dressing, the cheese is exuding some sort of moisture, and there is a single piece of discolored rosemary draped unceremoniously across the chicken. Also, it tastes terrible. Yikes.On the other hand, I've had really delicious crepes, both savory (rosemary chicken) and sweet (honey) that were worth the wait. Note that there is another Coupa on campus near the libraries that charges $1 or $1.50 less on nearly all food items.
8cK1Gid1ylRbkiYHxfj7jg	Super nice guy, super cheap and simple. Much better than the ridiculous campus bike rentals.
ckQyi6cnOyLE1LWrfn-qww	Ah, my alma mater. Spent 6 nonconsecutive years here, and until 2007, it will be the 2nd longest I've lived anywhere after my living with my parents. I had a great time and came out with great friends. If you're not liking it here, then transfer. And as for my fellow alumni jumping ship for better offers, hello, everybody does that. If people don't feel compelled to stay, then you're obviously not giving them any compelling reasons to stay. I'll be the first to admit my alma mater has as many jerks as any other school. Frankly, we're tired of people on the outside judging us and people on the inside feeling like because they got into the "country club" they're members of "The Proud Tower". My friends basically don't like to call attention to the fact that they went to Stanford (ie no sweatshirts ever), as they're not interested in being walking billboards. But hey, I'm proud to have gone here. There are plenty of Stanford alumni who aren't famous, and a few who are. We have 4 Supreme Court Justices. We used to own it. :) But the neocons have been chipping away at that recently. And the campus, it's nice, large and sprawling. Taco Bell architecture notwithstanding, it makes for a nice place to go to school, learn to think and analyze, and find yourself. Memorial Church (MemChu) is a great wedding venue, though not ideal for leisurely nuptials. Flicks at Memorial Auditorium (MemAud) is a great stress-reliever on Sunday nights (the paper fight is fun) and a cheap way for even the public to see films a few months old. Stanford Lively Arts brings in top-notch performers (I've seen Kodo do their amazing taiko here several times!) Housing has gotten better for ugrads and grads, as most or all dorms are now renovated, and compared to the surrounding neighborhoods, quite cheap rent-wise (with cat 5 ethernet!). The Stanford name on your resume will get you in the front door, I will admit that. It's also a small school. You will get to know your class. And even if you don't, there's always Reunion. I've been to my 5 and 10 year reunions now, and though most people only care about seeing their friends, I've actually met new people and made new friends from my class year and others. I may not have wanted to speak to these people as an undergrad, but they're a whole lot more interesting now and I don't mind getting to know them. That's what Stanford has been about for me. There's a camaraderie. And they do so much. For Reunion, they publish a Class Book for free sent to every class member no matter what, filled with page submissions from your classmates. You get to learn what your classmates have been up to since the last reunion. Stanford for the last 2 years has published Dickens and now Doyle in serial installments all for free! It's a nice all around school, athletics (we've won the Sears cup now for how many years running?) and academics. (We've got some pretty cute guys and gals too). See here for famous alumni (I apologize in advance for Steve Ballmer): http://www.stanford.edu/home/stanford/facts/alumni.html . Plus, we've got a great overseas program. I was burnt out by junior year, and could not wait go to Japan. Those 3 months in Kyoto in a homestay, and then 3 months in an internship in Tokyo were the best. Oh I forgot our Band! They are irreverent, fun, eclectic, wild, and have their own mascot, the Tree! Who else got invited to the Academy of Friends Oscar Gala to perform but them? I actually prefer the dorms to say, living in apts like Cal students do. You have your a lot of the rest of your life to live in an apt, sometimes with people you don't like, or by yourself, while the dorms promote community and socialization (dating after college vs dating while in college...). Also, you try getting an apt in Shallow Alto as an 18 yr old, it's not cheap!!!! And not everybody is a lawyer, doctor, or engineer. There are tons of alumni doing big and small things, and not all of them are famous. If you're going to trash Stanford while being a shallow resume-padder and liking that it's on your resume, well, who do you think gave it the reputation it has? Why, all your fellow alumni whom you seem to despise. It's fairly obvious who went there for ugrad and who wen there as a grad student (I did both). Go Cardinal!
PnO95J88y26uowPP_62hFA	I just got back from picking up a sandwich at Lutticken's Stanford location and have to honestly say that the sandwich was not great - bland at best would be a more appropriate description.  I was third in line and the staff was tediously slow.  With three people making sandwiches behind the counter, I expected the line to move quickly.  My big peeve is the four very thin slices of ham that were put on my $6.50 sandwich.  I can go over to the Safeway in Menlo Park on El Camino and pay a $1.00 more for extra meat and come out of there with a huge sandwich - a sandwich excruciatingly filling even when eating only half.  The sandwiches at Lutticken's aren't bad, they're just okay and okay doesn't warrant a return visit.
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Selection isn't that great... decent food though
PHcEuhDsby3rWbW_peHpbA	This place is OK....Like other reviewers have mentioned its a cafeteria style place near the medical center with different stations. Although this place is veggie friendly, a lot of the times their vegetarian items don't look so great. I tried the pad thai once, and possibly the worst pad thai I've ever had, so I have kind of avoided the Asian station ever since. The dish I like the most here is the Mexican station. They have very good tacos with tofu and zucchini fajitas (it sounds weird, but surprisingly good)Haven't really tried anything else here. The salad bar confuses me a bit, but will probably give it a try in the future. Their ready made salads sound  good, but don't seem hearty enough unless you get meat in them. Have heard the burgers are good, so might try them soon. Good place if you like options, but not quality food. Price is reasonable compared to other eateries in the area.For convenience and picky eaters i recommend this place, but if you are at Stanford for a one time visit, I would suggest trying another place.
aSUmRlQxraEBVRnhpx9l9w	This place is supposed to offer Starbucks drinks, albeit with a truncated menu, but alas, they do not take Starbucks cards, which is really annoying. They do however, have their own little stamp card for regular customers. If you manage to collect 10 stamps, your 11th drink is free. Usually they're pretty nice about that and encourage you to size-up for your free drink.The breakfast food is not bad, though if you waltz in at 10am expecting there to still be food, good luck. My best characterization of the lunch food = mush. It's not terrible, and sometimes can be halfway decent, but it doesn't LOOK appetizing, which is kind of a turnoff. Also, they charge by weight, and I still have not figured out how much they charge per ounce. Woops. Pizza by the slice is cheaper here than at Nexus, though. The people who work here are usually pretty nice unless they have a ton of customers in line, in which case they start to get stressed out and can be kind of curt.tl;dr: Nice place for a coffee break, but would probably avoid the food.
ChfUouMqqio8Zin2wcdcBw	I swear, I'm not just down on this place because I graduated from Cal. My boyfriend goes to Stanford, so we ate here reasonably often. I just don't understand why it takes SO LONG to get food. And it tastes okay. But what if you don't want a burger? You're out of luck. The salads are ridiculously expensive and so are the sushi rolls or other pre-made options.The building itself is nice. I gotta admit, the murals and photographs of athletes are cool. And if you need a gender neutral bathroom, this place has got you covered. Private schools are good for somethings, I guess :)
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	I think I like Alumni Cafe way more than it deserves to be liked, but then again, I'm not stuck getting lunch here however many days a week. Joan is super sweet and friendly, I love the muesli, and the bagels are actually some of the best bagels I've had in the Bay Area (kind of hard to believe, right?)Also, they're one of the very few places on campus that serve wine and beer, which is another nice little perk.
KOSVm_sLq7j6Y_ev9Of8iA	Good prices on many bikes and accessories, but they are rude and slow to complete service. They told me a basic tune up would take 4 days to complete, in addition to adding a kickstand. When I went to pick it up, they simply claimed that the kickstand would not fit (tried no alternative kickstands) and told me that the could not register the bike (which they told me they could do the time before). Also, the salesperson continued to comment on how my bike "had several shortcomings", etc. etc. Basically, they just need to be a little nicer.
Q-CyKA-0IgvORMMGERoWEA	These guys are quite helpful.  They always try to diagnosis the problem with your bike as soon as you bring it in.  If you want to try to fix it yourself, they will give you some pointers and let you use the tools.  I've learned so much from them.  Fitting they are at an institute of higher learning.
a5QS6g30nM4q2XFGP6Po9g	They give away free food on Friday evenings!! I don't know if they do this anymore but they did for the first few months since they apparently tend to over-order and they need to give away all the food over the weekend.Convenient location for food and coffee. I like their yogurt parfaits or Greek yogurt for breakfast. Prepackaged sandwiches and sushi are very meh. Can't go wrong with a salad. I give this place a 3 pretty much just because it's convenient and I'm too lazy to wait in line for Lutticken's sandwiches at CCSR.
baD0m5hJdUYEqmJaV3uMdQ	The sandwiches my girlfriend and I were good but to say it's a 5 star sandwich is a bit much.I ordered the "Say Hey" sandwich which consists of pastrami, bacon, swiss and choice of produce (lettuce, tomatoes, peppers etc). First off, for 8 bucks (a large), there wasn't much pastrami inside. It became more apparent the more I ate my sandwich b/c the produce should not be overpowering the meat (peppers etc). The bacon bits were definitely not cooked fresh and overall the experience was just average.I did go on a weekend and the lines were not too crazy. There were only 2 people in front of me. It did begin getting more packed after I ordered. I just couldn't imagine waiting a long time during the week for a sandwich. Also the people in the back work a bit slow but whatever. Try Mr.Pickles in Los Gatos if you want a bomb "home style" different sandwich.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Probably the best eatery on campus here at Stanford.  Possibly tied with Munger.  A very large selection of great things, hot items that change regularly and are all sustainably sourced and fresh.Great salad bar.  Not as pricey as Munger or the Biz School's Arbuckle Dining Pavilion (I work at the GSB), which is a draw.  It's a nice 15 minute walk there so you get to work up an appetite and work off what you ate on the way back.They have really good burritos, which is generally what I crave when I need to eat out and don't bring my own lunch.  Plus, they have a great sitting space, with little pods of seats inside in the sun and also a nice outdoor eating area.
Un138zBMZ-FviGziY9oLFg	Driving around santa clara valley, it's hard to find an acceptable station to listen to. I find this station has,8 out of 10 times, something weird and wonderful playing  that i normally would never listen to,or download from i-tunes! Reminds me of the good ol days of KSJO and KOME!
JeyZPJ07G7mOLsAIgxO50Q	If you love turkey, roast beef, salami and deliciousness then Matt Cain is as good as it gets!
ot5L2V7x2tsOcAciB1az1g	The only reason I eat here is the halal chicken. I tried four sandwiches before I found one that I liked. Spiffy Tiffy is extremely salty. It was the first one I tried, a complete waste of seven dollars. I don't get the obsession with this place. The sandwiches are OK, they are certainly not the life changing experience people claim they are. The service is what gets on my nerves. It is so slow. Even when there is a long line none of the people there bother to speed up. They take more than the time necessary to finish a task. They don't care at all if the customers end up waiting for hours. I only go there when there's no crowd. I always get the same thing: half a pizzle on sourdough with no bacon but all the veggies. It's a decent sandwich, but not worth waiting hours for.
gQF9-Agz8E-9lXNJZsc1xA	Jamba Juice makes good smoothies. However, this particular location tends to get orders wrong consistently. Twice they refused to correct or refund an incorrect order as well.
sfXELG2SCfb8B7Ay5LmY7g	I like Luttickens. The sandwiches are very good but can run on the pricey side once you get a drink and bag of chips. If you get the sandwich alone it'll be under $10. It's good food for a quick lunch. The sandwiches are made well and to order. The lines can be long here but with 3 people making sandwiches at a time it moves pretty fast. You can see your sandwich being made and what toppings are available (even though they are on the menu, I like to look anyways). It's a small place that has no indoor seating, so expect to get your sandwich and leave. The good thing is that Stanford campus is very picturesque and you can eat anywhere on campus. Check the soup of the day because usually it's good. I say usually because there are just some soups I'm not partial too. If you like the soup of the day it's a perfect pairing with the sandwich. just be prepared to shell out over $10.
Sdn9fm89tQE3nDQPTKxb7A	Major props for the spacious interior, nice deck that is especially sweet for Spring, and friendly staff. I had mixed expectations about this place (school dining commons vs. well, it is the b school), but I was pleasantly surprised by the delicious Saturday brunch fare. There are a couple stations here (all appropriately named for a b school) that serve different types of food depending on what you're in the mood for. One station was serving up special order omelets, another pancakes and sides, and others with drinks and to-go snacks. The prices are pretty steep, though, and the best spots outside are tough to get. A lot of things the boyfriend and I wanted to get were sold out, too, meaning buttermilk pancakes for me. The buckwheat wasn't bad, though! I'd probably give this place a solid 4 stars if it were a little cheaper, but until they build another brunch place closer to EV, I guess I'll have to come here for a quick pancake fix.
7wyhi9k64Rtrv81IL6hYgw	I'm a party planner in the Bay Area - and have used Stanford Bartenders twice now.  Both times they were exceptional, but I feel I must write after my recent experience because this time they went above and beyond in their service.  As a planner, I have a million and one things going on, Carlos, the owner, and his associate were on time, were flexible, and accommodating to the limitations of our location.  They were able to assess the situation and take care of their needs in a smart way, that allowed me to continue on with all the other details I had to attend to.Their set up was striking and they personally looked very professional in their black and whites.  The entire set up was A+ in my book.However, the reason I feel I need to write the review, is the way they managed the guests.  To say that they were "slammed" is an understatement, they were inundated.  The two of them were busy from the minute the doors opened, till the minute the doors closed on the event, however, they never looked stressed - they handled the crowd quickly and with great charm.At the end of the evening they left their area spotless and were out very quickly.  I'll be using them again, without a doubt.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	Nexus is a great all purpose food court that serves the engineering quad/hospital staff. You've got all the essentials covered: several hot lines with different specials everyday...grill, Mexican, hot line/Italian, pizza, and Asian.I do echo again that the salad prices are a bit hefty.During the lunch time rush. Be prepared to wait a good 5-10 minutes in any line before getting your food to a tray.
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Amazing variety, usually tasty, best at Stanford.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Way overrated.  I agree that it's a beautiful open-air space, and one of, if not the, nicest places to eat on the Stanford campus.   Since it's a food court, there's a great variety and I don't think the prices are that bad ($6-$8 is pretty standard for a lunch around here).   But the food is just not that good!   I came here for lunch today with my fiance.   He had the chicken chow mein ($7.75) and I had the beef fajitas burrito ($7.25).   My fiance didn't really like his chow mein and we both felt the portion was kind of small for the price.  The burrito was huge and overall it was decent, but the beef in the beef fajitas was so tough I could barely chew it.  After hurting my teeth several times trying to bite into it, I gave up and gave it to my fiance who ate it but agreed it was really tough.    I would gladly pay an extra dollar or two for them to use better quality beef, this was really inedible.   I think menu-wise this place is pretty similar to Nexus (burritos, pizza, sandwiches, a grill station) and the food is better there. While the atmosphere here is lovely, when I'm eating lunch I mostly care about what I'm eating and I would rather go just about anywhere else at Stanford.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	Just wanted to update my review.. Decided to give this place another try. The last time I was here it took 2 hours to get my food = order time + food making time. At first I though there was some miracle because the line was so short. Turns out they just took our names down to tell us when we can order. Uhh, thanks?? Seriously, what is with the wait time?! Had to wait 30 minutes just to order. Then had to wait almost an hour for my food. We took a look into their kitchen. It seems like this place dedicates all their time for 1 sandwich at a time. Yes, they have 1 meat griller, 1 sauce guy, 1 bread, and 1 whatever BUT they all spend their efforts on 1 sandwich. No wonder this place is slow. Do they want to make each sandwich perfect or something? That's nice, but I would rather have my food toot sweet in a jiffy. Also, dude with the microphone? COME OUT into the dining area because we can't hear you. Stop standing behind the register and chatting with your friend. You should be fired for doing that. So why is my review still 4 stars? Because the food is unbelievably good. If I would separately rate the service I would rate it NEGATIVE 5 stars. OMG.
0R_pqpqKLlbKyNTKswaEQw	Admittedly I initially had mixed feelings about Fraiche, but it's now become one of my top froyo places. All their flavors are consistently creamy and flavored well. I especially love their chocolate and soy. My favorite combination is half chocolate half soy with raspberry puree and chocolate brownie. What surprised me about Fraiche is the quality of their baked goods. The brownies are amaaazing. I'm not usually into getting too many toppings, but I almost always get brownie. Also, their chocolate chip cookies are the best I've ever had, especially fresh from the oven. The oatmeal bars are also pretty good. There are a few downsides, namely price, which is high, ambiance, which could definitely be improved, and their mochi, which I'm not a fan of. However I really have grown to love Fraiche. There was one week this winter that I came here every single day for the whole week. Spent way too much, but the campus location is great for Stanford students. I never get sick of the froyo here!
t9OAdJcdL3suwm0jsAzQEw	A bit hard to find in the Huang Engineering Center (the building is not in the same quad area as the other engineering buildings), but the sandwiches are the real deal, just like Ike's Place in SF. The only real difference I saw was that the lines are shorter, they don't give you a complimentary bag of Dirty Chips (thus, the sandwich prices are appropriately lower), and there is seating! I got my usual Pizzle and it did not disappoint. The dutch crunch bread is still deliciously crackly. One other thing, you can get a half sandwich, but why would anyone only want HALF a Pizzle?! Next time I'm around Stanford, I'll be back!
dy4zIURw-MdSu3HyxhlhzA	The mexican is horrible. Don't try the hamburgers. The salads and chinese/thai are OK so is the salad bar. But maybe you have no other choice and have to eat there. Oh well.
W8f2_B1NDXi7c9sXHi4r4A	Words can't describe how awesome Stanford is.From the breadth and depth of the academic experience, to the warm and welcoming community, and to the friends made, I am thankful to have been a student here, and now an alumna! Go Stanford!
5kk3tDlShYVDZAwiOL3etw	I'm not sure what everyone is complaining about, probably just because it's cool to hate on campus restaurants. I actually think this is the best restaurant on campus. Their Mexican fare (burritos, tacos) are great and so are their burgers (try the Axe). I lived in the dorm right next to Ray's this summer and I ate here often. The service is great too. My only complain is that they are slow in cooking your orders.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	This place works for Stanford staff and students. It's centrally located and open longer hours every day compared to other campus eateries. The line moves quickly and the service is friendly albeit brisk. The food is consistent. I can get a Panda Bowl with rice, chow mein or veggies plus an entree for a little over $5. They post their calories on each item so it takes the guesswork out of tracking them.I have no complaints about this Panda Express.
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	Nexus is a funny Cafe.  It's like, you're sick of eating dining hall food.  You think you get overcharged with your $8.50 lunch or whatever the Stanford Dining Plan is.  You want some where close by so that you don't have to leave central campus between classes and such.And so Nexus Cafe is the natural place to go, since it's an expensive cafeteria out on the far, far edge of campus.If you do manage to get out there (which means you're a techie or a pre-med and have to be out there anyway....sucker! shouldn't you be studying instead of eating?), and you get over the fact that you're going to a cafeteria in which each station presents considerable diversity in ethnicity but remarkable consistency in mediocrity, there is some good food to be had.  From what I can tell, the only station even remotely worth it is what I guess is the American station.  It has some meat -- often something semi-fancy, like lamb or salmon -- usually well-cooked and seasoned.  But it also comes with 2 vegetable sides, and they're generally quite creative.  (So creative I can't come up with any examples.  But it's been a while since I had lunch-time HCI seminar, so this one's on my long-term memory, not Nexus).Since it's a cafeteria, and part of it's appeal is the pure breadth of food, you'll invariably be pulled to try the other stations.  When it sucks, remember that the yelp review you read knew better, and so should you.
e9hegxtdoro0KjJZTyUsLQ	This bookstore is awesome and welcoming. I visited when I visited Stanford U for the first time. There's a great selection of books and paraphernalia for the proud Stanford student or athletic fan.There are tables to sit, read and/or study upstairs. Their selection of magazines were great too.  The few staff members I spoke with were polite and professional. Also, there were artisans selling cool things out front.I am a big sucker for anything Stanford and any good bookstore. I adore both. Stop in sometime and I am sure you will find it equally awesome.
MgAgvJwlt8ujtE4Pr0r9uQ	This would get five stars if it wasn't so difficult to get to. No matter how many times I've been, I still get lost, and I never get quite as flustered and grumpy as when I don't get my sandwich. Ordering ahead is also frustratingly hit or miss: sometimes I've been told they take orders up to a half hour before closing, but most times they refuse to and I have to literally jump out of the car before my friend can park and sprint there. Ike's will always be worth it though, and I'm so glad that I don't have to drive all the way up to San Francisco for it.NB: their sandwiches are mostly the same but with different names, so I would definitely check out the ingredients in detail on the online menus and figure out what your usual from San Francisco is called at the Stanford location.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	It is a pain to get textbooks and course materials from here.  The availability of used books tends to be low and they tend not to have the books until right before classes start.  They don't answer their phone.  Their website doesn't list everything.When I've gone to the information desk to ask about specific (non-academic) books, they have had great difficulty finding that the book exists (even when I have title, author, publication date...) and seemingly can't use their own computer system.The best part is their medical section.  The bookstore location that is actually in the med school is far smaller than the med section here, which has books and supplies.  The staff here tends to be very friendly and knowledgeable.
WYCv0Q-QIKCSIo8IqOLOfw	Review for a private event held at the dining hall. Went here for a Stanford Jazz Workshop recital and they had a private event just for the workshop. For $15, the unlimited BBQ chicken, salad, potatoes and brownies were surprisingly good. I'll have to head back and try out their daily fare..
u8Rp52VRzFB-uS6e4u64MQ	I concur, very hard to find! We were super stressed because with left at 2:15 pm and they close at 3 pm on the weekends and we live in San Jose.  Ike's is inside the Huang Engineering building on the Stanford Campus.There was only 5 people in front of us, and I heard at times the line is VERY LONG. The man working the register was VERY nice and knowledgeable of all the dozens of  Sandwiches they offered.All the Sandwiches have funny little spin off names or are named after people.  We both decide on "The Change" which is a thinly sliced Rib-Eye Steak Sandwich with Bbq sauce, Onion Rings, and Cheddar Cheese with the option of Lettuce or Tomato on either French Roll, Wheat Roll, Dutch Crunch, Sour Dough, or Gluten Free Bread.The sandwiches are Super Messy.  That's what they make napkins for.  I would rather have a JUICY sandwich that got crap all over my face over a disgustingly dry sandwich that made me buy and additional drink to wash it down any day.  So bring some paper towels or wet wipes and Pony-up! Cuz these sandwiches are BOMB!
RfjWiiBRO5uorrxzfwdBYQ	Stanford is one of the most beautiful college campuses...period. And what vantage point affords you a spectacular view of it all? Hoover Tower!A trip to the campus isn't complete until you've stopped here. I think the ticket price is $2 or something, and it's totally worth it. But you want to go up for free? Admission is free on graduation weekend in June. Only comes around once a year, but something to think about.I've been up handful of times, and each time it fills me with awe. Besides, nowhere else in the area delivers a view quite like this!
KpIkTXSiYFwSR1HZPMadlg	Great sandwiches!!!! My family and I came around 01PM today (Sunday), and there wasn't much of a line; our sandwiches came pretty quickly, so no complaints there. Today, I tried the Jim Plumber (Turkey, Ham, Brie) and my parents had the Menage a Trois. Really nothing to complain about regarding these sandwiches. However, I do wish their customer service was as good as their food. My dad wanted some peppers so I went to ask for some. The cashier dude said, "I'll have those peppers coming right up for you" , so I stood there and waited. A few minutes later .... my dad comes up to me and tells me that he has already finished his sandwiches. . . . Does "coming right up" mean something different on the Stanfurd campus? Maybe they could tell I was a Bear, ahha. Overall, I'd still say it's a nice place to get lunch, especially since it's only like 04 minutes away from the Stanfurd Shopping Center! (AND remember, free parking on weekends!)
FAArGkbd6l3t73uR-jfw_Q	If you like pre-cooked penne thrown in a skillet and slathered with red sauce to reheat, this is the place. On the other hand, the sandwich and salad bar (self-service) is good.
nUqq9ONMIfN_ra8L9HJRdA	You can't beat playing at Stanford, I feel fortunate to be able to golf there.  People are always telling me to try other courses, although some of them are good, I am always happy to be back at Stanford.  The cafe is also good there and they try very hard to please.
IHOCvB0ZZ9_pLx509U3tpw	Well really its an Itunes love festhttp://itunes.stanford.edu/If you want a "Stanford" experience, whether you miss it or wonder what you missed, check out the Stanford Itunes initiative for information, guest lectures and more.From the modern marriage to math and kids....and astrophysics.
GEu83t4SjJ5S7SdoGkZIDg	I love Jamba Juice! However, the location on the Stanford campus is lacking in some aspects. It's slower than most Jamba Juices I've been to and there are always long lines, but I'm glad there is a Jamba Juice when I get that craving. I wish they had the hot drinks at this location, though. :[
aSUmRlQxraEBVRnhpx9l9w	Nexus gets an extra star from me because it's probably my favorite eatery on the Stanford Med Campus and it offers the most variety, so if I change my mind last minute on what I'm in the mood for, I'm not stuck eating Mexican food or sandwiches.It's set up cafeteria style with different stations with different "themes". My friends and I like to laugh at the "Exhibition Cooking" section, because it's funny to think of cooking pasta as an exhibition, but ok.For some reason, I am really partial to the things they offer that include blue cheese in them. My favorite favorite thing here is undoubtedly the Nexus Signature Salad. I am kind of addicted to it. I will admit, I have even asked for them to put in extra blue cheese. I love that there are cranberries AND walnuts AND pears in it. I love pretty much everything about this salad.The other blue cheese item I like is The Burger. They got really creative with the names of things for The Grill-- they offer The Burger, The Chicken, and The Fish. HMMM, wonder what they could be. I usually get the burger because the combination of caramelized onions and blue cheese is really enticing, but I also do like the chicken (with apple and bacon!), provided it's not too dry (which it sometimes is). For some reason, The Grill is always really slow, even though all they're doing is pretty much just heating up a patty. They have an entire grill to use... I don't know why they only heat up 2 or 3 patties at a time.The Main Course changes day-to-day, so I usually check the menu online before deciding whether or not to go to Nexus. Most of the stuff is decent and you get to pick two sides, but I LOVE the brisket here. It's so tender and packed with flavor, but it comes around so rarely. Constant vigilance watching the menu was needed in order to catch it.Nexus gets really busy around noon, so I either get there early or get there late to avoid the lines. The only downside to getting there late is that the Main Course sometimes runs out. tl;dr: My favorite eatery on the Stanford Med Campus. A little overpriced, but there's variety!
-g92E-FSyAhKfWe0GWR8Zg	Must try the SF Giants and the Tim Lincecum!  The wait sucks but the sandwiches are worth it!Downfall, it's almost in the middle of campus and is pretty hard to find.  I think the only way we found it was seeing people come out of a building with brown bags and Dirty Chips.
xL5Uo6TemnV3xvmpX-Gaog	Some friends and I decided to venture across the bay to try some of Ike's hefty sandwiches. My friend's coworker had recently tried a sandwich from this place and had nothing but raving reviews so we were all pretty excited. We all took a look at the menu to get an idea of what we wanted before we left, but there are just too many options to select from! Ike's Place has a variety of meat and cheese selections and the combos they put in their sandwich are amazing! They offer you a handful of choices of bread as well as some free extra stuff you can put in your sandwich.I ended up ordering the whole size Spiffy Tiffy on the french roll and it had pesto, halal chicken, provolone, pepper jack, mushrooms, and avocado. This sandwich was HUGE and I wanted some variety so I swapped halves with my friend who ordered the Menage a Trois which had halal chicken, real honey, honey mustard, bbq, pepper jack, swiss, and cheddar. Both sandwiches were super yummy!! I liked the Menage a Trois more because you can taste the real honey and I think that really made the sandwich, even though it was all drippy and sticky to eat. The Spiffy Tiffy is really good too because it had mushrooms and avocado (my faves!) but I thought the pesto was a little over powering so I got a little tired of eating it after a while. My friend liked that one more though because it was easier to eat. The only complaints that I have are that the sandwiches are a little pricey (though definitely worth it) so I wouldn't frequently make trips to eat here, and they don't have any meal combos that includes a side and drink. However, they do offer chips and soda at a reasonable price, but beware of the peach soda that they have because a lot of people complained that it tasted like medicine...The menu varies between the two locations so I will definitely hit up the SF one next time! Their menus are so elaborate that I'm positive everyone will find a sandwich that appeals to their tastes!
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	I like that the law school cafe has hot food. It was extremely cold and windy the other day and a salad or sandwich just did not sound very tasty at the time. I went to the law school cafe had had some yummy pasta, salad and garlic bread. The food wasn't the best, but the servers were very friendly and I was just glad to have some hot food.
9ZT191GsJ7J_kF9AAcfwKw	I went here for the Bank of the West Classic to see Serena play in the finals. It doesn't matter where you sit because there is a good view everywhere. It is a very intimate tournament because you are so close to the players. It is also cool because you can easily get their autograph when they get out of the locker room and head to their car. I have also played tennis here with a friend of mine. The stadium courts are so nice to play in and has a great echo sound even when you mishit the ball. It is also nice because you have to reserve the court to play on them and only Stanford affiliates have an account to reserve the court. The courts are in great condition and are a lot of fun to play on.
MlKAJcxlTzrJtgwg3qtTPg	Coffee and food are really good--not AMAZING, but for $6 for lunch I don't know where you can do much better. Service is fantastic. If you go there a lot (as many of us do) the staff will learn your name and what you like to order. Sucks they're not open later.
brTYfgAc0uD7fiT8arLqIg	Stanford Lively Arts, a concert series in Palo Alto held in the Dinkelspiel Auditorium on Stanford University's campus, has a great selection of performers throughout its season.  Its tickets are reasonably  priced ($44/$48 for adults; half that if you have {a friend with,} a Stanford ID); it attracts great names (Emerson Quartet; the Juilliard Quartet; dance companies whose names I know I ought to recognize); the auditorium is small enough that everyone's guaranteed a view.Two huge detractors, though (aside from the fact that it's all the way in Palo Alto!): (1) The auditorium is *impossible* to find -- last time I went there, after circling for parking for over 20 minutes, we walked for over half an hour in circles trying to find the damn place -- even students out on the pathways didn't know where it was! -- meaning we arrived half an hour late to the show.  (2) The box office is apparently incompetent.  I bought tickets online two days before a show, and, since that obviously wouldn't have left time for them to be mailed to me, I emailed the questions alias requesting that they be held at will-call.  They wrote back, confirming; but when I arrived at the show, my tickets were nowhere in sight.  A kindly usher let us in anyhow, but a week later, the tickets showed up at my mailing address!  I emailed to complain and ask for at least a partial refund, and was given an apology, but they declined to consider a refund.  That's poor business practices!Minus one star for each infraction.  Otherwise, they're great.
spKtx7FlbbAHFAJpu4R5zg	Honestly, after an intimate entire year together, during which menu changes are more predictable than nudity on The Real World, who would give their college dining hall more than 3 mediocre stars?But for every cynic, there is a time when those sarcastic walls crumble and tough hearts thaw. One week freshman year I was really sick with a fever. Stumbling my way downstairs into the dining hall, a cook took one look at me and told me to wait 20 minutes. That much time later, she came out with a pot of fresh chicken noodle soup that wasn't on the menu. It's one of the memories that stand out from a year of lunch and dinner (there's also the description of sex by an electrical engineering cohort that it's "just like plugging in an ethernet cable into the port," but that's a story for another time).
ckMFtaljrmXWaSiQqk9ZWA	The best place (and the priciest) to eat on campus.  It's nice to sit next to the Rodin sculpture garden, but the cafe is situated such that you won't actually see the sculptures from where you are sitting unless you are on the patio.  If you come, come for lunch - the prices are reasonable for the quality of food.  The chef's salad is quite good.Dinner is just as good, but the incongruence of eating high quality food in non fine dining atmosphere is just a little strange.  I don't know how to explain it - its just that the food is so good, you expect the surroundings to be much nicer.  And when you can't see out the windows, the place really loses its charm.  Combine the lackluster night ambience with the higher pricing, and I just don't know if I can recommend coming here unless you plan on going to a play at Memorial Auditorium right afterwards.Be warned - Cool Cafe is closed for lunch on Mondays and Tuesdays.
0sZ1BLZEocy6fl5Gyfs5hQ	My office is right underneath the Coupa Cafe so of course I become a frequent visitor. I would say their black drip coffee is on the stronger side (even stronger than Peet's). I could just have a small coffee and it can keep me on "high" mode throughout the day (of course accompanied by a caffeine crash later).The thing I like the most about Coupa cafe is how fresh their ingredients are, in either their salads/paninis or pastries. They have a lunch combo, which 1/2 salad/soup + 1/2 panini, for about $7. This is a good deal for a classy and healthy lunch. Just be aware of the potential long line around lunch time. Based on my personal experience, it is best to go around 11:00am and no later than 11:30am before the lunch rush arrives. As for pastries, my personal favorite is the almond biscotti, which goes so well with any coffee drinks.The only negative thing about this place, in my opinion, is the price. A Cobb salad could cost almost $10 and the portion is just decent. Coffee portion runs smaller compared to competitors. One way to save money is to get a Coupa gift card, so you can accumulate points to earn free biscotti and ground coffee (and a free drink in your birth month).
OLJAezsSfKUilWcYDnze_w	Are you looking for a bartender? Congratulations - you just found the right person! Carlos is fantastic!I had a small company get together (25 people) and decided we should have a bartender. Found Carlos on Yelp, emailed him and he got back to me right away. He asked me what kind of a company we are, how many guys and gals, what do we usually like to drink etc. He came up with a fantastic variety of cocktails (he described one of the cocktails - I immediately wanted to get drunk:-)) that he printed on a little menu with our new company logo. I had the proposal within 24 hours after the call and I was also really happy to hear that the price included EVERYTHING (alcohol, set up, bar tending, clean up and break down). I looked at other bartenders too, but sorry guys, I'll stick with Carlos now! He's professional, absolutely reliable, courteous and super friendly!Stop looking for other bartenders - call Carlos! He's the man!
ataY9zKkPoi-fyIsKdPZLg	greek
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	This is the location outside Green Library.Service: very inconsistent.  I've gotten some very rude looks/attitude for no good reason before.Food: good quality, but pricey for what it is.  I've tried to order things in the past that they had run out of, randomly.  The bagels are fantastic, albeit expensive.Coffee: intense and strong!Favorite thing: spicy hot chocolate, chai.  Nice to have nearby, but I'd like to not get glared at when ordering a bagel...
SmhhtyewhCO2X4XAnhPfbg	Loved my time there as a graduate student and I still enjoy visits with my kids every now and then, to watch the students play on the grass and soak in the atmosphere.
nzjKqK_BjQpAmCqvWkUbsA	Graduated with 100Gs worth of debt, a raging eating disorder, and no job oppportunity in site. Whoohooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Union Square is essentially Stanford's food court.  You can choose from Chinese food at Chopstix, grad a slice and go at the pizza station,  take a panini and side salad out to the patio, enjoy some bbq or have a salad made to your specifications here. There's also a grab and go where you can pick up premade salads, sandwiches and sushi and well, go (after you pay for it of course!!) Go early --- this place does a bustling business from noon-1PM!
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	I have to say the CoHo has more than made up for our initial encounter where they gave me the wrong sandwich to go.  Who would have thought that an establishment would be my reminder to not judge a book by its cover? These folks simply cannot make a bad sandwich!  I have since had a brisket sandwich here that was unbelievable!   The chicken salad and the meatball sandwiches are also quite good. If you happen to be around campus on Monday evenings this is a fantastic place to hang out and listen to some incredibly talented musicians from the music department participate in a Jazz jam session! During my last visit I noticed wine tasting nights are also coming to the place.  You might say the CoHo is classing up the campus one student, one faculty member and one staff member at a time!
NLea0mJffGm_0E6_ATQs7Q	Farmers Veggie Wrap: YUM! lots of mushrooms, hummus, soy beans, & lettuce.Fresh Squeezed Lemonade: oh so refreshing and perfect for the hot summer day! It was exactly what I was craving! Fresh squeezed lemons with a hint of strawberry.-They did get one of our orders mixed up with another table, but were quick to fix the mistake.+Fast service+Lots of seating options+I highly recommend the outside seating next to the sculpture garden. It's a great change of scenery compared to your typical cafe.
sfXELG2SCfb8B7Ay5LmY7g	I love eating at the Nexus cafe. If I can't go to Ike's, I go right across the street to the Nexus. I love the selection of food they have there. There's gourmet salads, Asian, Mexican, Indian, American, sandwich bars, salad bars and soups (I'm sure I'm forgetting something). The various selections can have you eating a different meal everyday of the week. I particularly love the Asian food has the option of eating with White or Brown rice for healthy eaters. Another thing thing I like is that you can customize your dish. What I mean by that is to say, "Hey I don't want the rice, can I have more veggies?" Or even ask for extra meat. You have to pay for it but it's still a good thing to have the option. There's plenty of seating and if you get there at the right time, you can get your food and sit down to eat rather quickly. The right time being 11a before the lunch rush. Too early for lunch? Probably. Unless you want to hit the long 12p lines and wait to eat, take on the lunch rush. Great place to eat and every one on campus should take a meal here.
XMu77dw6_gP_DtSpGHuhxw	Tasty yogurt (fresh AND frozen), and nice to have Blue Bottle on campus.  I'm a bit obsessed with Blue Bottle's New Orleans iced coffee, and it's nice that you can get it here, but some of the employees put too much sugar/simple syrup in it, it's a bit inconsistent compared to the real deal.  Otherwise it's a great addition to Tresidder, which could really use some more nice places like this.
6_IL6_nr769i_LBynuQDYg	I have had quite a few of the sandwiches here so far, and I have greatly enjoyed each one I have tried. My favorites would have to be: Ted Leland - chicken, cheddar, BBQ sauceIf I Were Cute - chicken, bacon, Ranch, cheddar, pesto, mozarella sticksMenage a Trois - chicken, honey, honey mustard, BBQ sauce, pepper jack, swiss, cheddarThere is usually a (not very) long line that moves VERY SLOWLY. I've waited upwards of 45 minutes to order, in addition to the 15-20m to get my food. It is essential to place an order before you get there. This can be done over the phone, or via an iPhone app, but sometimes it's even hard to get your phone order in for a decent time. I eat here on average twice a week. I love it!
7FMNqVhcZlwhxAEcZBPT-g	I spent this entire week receiving Cyberknife treatments at the Stanford Cancer Center and was completely impressed with the entire experience. Classy, clean, professional and kind, I couldn't have asked for a better atmosphere.
YtdTM3_u-vPaaMDcklIikA	Over the summer, you couldn't really go there between 12-1 because the lines were so long...  I can't imagine what it will be like once the undergrads arrive.  You can download their app and call your order in earlier (you can even order to pick up after they've closed (as long as it's within a certain time period that you'll pick it up)).  This place has fantastic vegan and vegetarian options.  It is a tad pricey for a sandwich, but the sandwiches are good.  Oh yes, and they're probably really unhealthy.  I usually tell them to go light on the dirty sauce.  [My Favorite Sesame Character] was one of my fave sandwiches.  But honestly, you really can't go wrong on this one.  Just order whatever and enjoy.
xzLXpGbbcFPqHfQ4z8j47A	This barbershop is the busy student's dream come true.  Tucked away in the depths of Tressider Union, these hair dressers are some of Stanford's best kept secrets. They are quick, inexpensive, and professional - right there on campus.  I got my hair cut on my lunch break and went back to work feeling refreshed and rejuvenated.  Why drive up to the city and spend 70 dollars on a haircut when these guys are right here and charge much much less??
eMAmkqtFhhqkzTWKcsARSw	I'm not a big coffee fan, even if I do get coffee, I don't understand the subtleties. So my review here is on the food....and it is not worth it. The only reason it gets my 2 stars is because its 1) conveniently located where all my classes are and 2) The choclate croissant is delish!Otherwise, you are overpaying for small portions of dry and bland food. And at lunch, the lines are LOOONNGGG. You have to wait +20 minutes to order and then another +20 mins to get your food.,.maybe less if the waiters can find out easily enough.Pesto Chicken Crepe - SMALL crepe for +$7. Barely a snack's worth of food. Cheese was cold. BARELY any pesto. Chicken was dry. Salad was not dressed evenly.Mozerella & Tomato Arepas  - came out warm, but at $5 a piece?! these are some DAMN expensive sandwiches. salad was slightly better this time. Though I have to say, the mozerella slices were nice and  thick but not seasoned well. Thus far, my best expereince with Coupa here on campus is the half sandwich, soup or salad. Choose two of the 3 for $6.50. I got the Mediterranean panni half with soup (for my cold). The Mediterranean was made well. I would have gotten the sandwich in its whole, but the plate costs $8.50! The barely/pea soup? seasoned well and tasted fine even in my stuffy nosed state. HALF SANDWICH HALF SOUP OR SALAD is the way to go!
L35UBl44Dmg4s8a5HWQYjg	1998 Weekend to Palo Alto*knock on the door of Ashley a junior from Orinda who I befriended on ICQ in 1997 when we met in a casual hook up group there.  We had shared many an intimate phone call and photo with one another and now it was our first meeting*Ashley (A) - TED? Wow what a surprise.Ted (T) - Isn't it though!A - What brings you up here?T - The Weekender!  I figured I could crash at your apartment.  A - How did you find my apartment?T- You gave me the address one night when we were having phone sex.A - I did?  I mean I did.  And you wrote down the address?  T - Yes, I have very good hand eye coordination.A - Wow. I mean great, you are here for The Weekender.*voices in the background*Sabrina (S) - Ash, who is at the door?A - Nobody! T - So can I stay with you this weekend I was thinking we could hang out and stuff.A - Hang out and stuff?  ooo that would be great, Ted.  But you see we are in the middle of mid terms here and we are so busy and we wouldn't have time to hang...S - Ash who are you talking to...? *looking shocked*T - You must be Sabrina, I am Ted Carroll!  Ash, Ashley rather has told me so much about you!S - Has she?  Ash what did you say about me?A - Ted was just stopping by on his way through town.  I know Ted from Jewish Summer Camp when we were in junior high.T - *confused but playing along* yeah Camp Yeshiva in Oakland *the first Northern California city to come to mind.S - Ted, come on in and tell me what Ash said about me? I am curious?  T - Oh you that you are great roommate and have a cool boyfriend.  A - *about to cry*S - So Ted where do you go to school?  T - USC, I am in town for the Weekender.S - So you aren't just passing through town?T - No.  I was hoping I could stay here.**2 hours later after lots of silence and awkward conversation Ashley and Sabrina come back after they had a powwow in the kitchen*A - So Ted, Sabrina and I were talking it over and it may not be the best thing if you stay here this weekend.  We have plans.T - *interrupting* What about your midterms I could help you study?A - YES Midterms and I have tons of work to do this weekend.**Sabrina walking into the room**S - Ted, we don't want you here.  You are really creepy, kind of cute in a drunk at 2:45AM looking for the first guy to get me off kind of way.  But we want you out.  Ash told me in the kitchen about all the phone sex and weird shit you asked her to say to her, "Stick your fingers in my ears as you eat her out to shut up the voices?"  really Ted?  And all the weird shit you asked her to buy and insert into herself, the hooded spandex body suit with restraints, the baby Jesus Butt Plug?  Nun-chucks? and rubber chicken? Look Ted even though she said she has never cum so hard in her life we are not comfortable with you here in our apartment, near campus, in Palo Alto or quite frankly having you North of Morro Bay.  Bottom line, Ted is we want you to leave or we will call the police.  You have five minutes.**I walked out and slept in a public park that night**Stanford what a cavalcade of closet cases.
S91kz40EtAo3AKUrDyEeDg	What do you expect from a chain restaurant other than the same thing? Well they have the same thing as every other subway but one thing has changed, the pricing!Don't expect any specials here and unless you're a Stanford student with Cardinal money it's not worth it. Yes everyone is nice, yes it's still good but people go to Subway for cheap sandwiches nothing else.
SIpBqzGhRM7T5cDFiuIryg	I attended this year's commencement ceremony as a special guest and have come away in awe as to the professionalism of this University.From President John Henessey's Office to all the support staff who planned and worked at this year's commencement, everything was executed to perfection.If government could execute as flawlessly as Stanford, there would be no deficit.
RIGOL8DnNLz-7prhDdP-EA	I've been to Ike's a few times and have tried a handful of sandwiches (both at the old SF location and Stanford's).I have yet to get a sandwich I did not enjoy--even the vegan one was awesome.  They have a huge menu with a variety of sandwich meats, breads (including a gluten free option), cheeses, and add-ons such as jalapeno poppers, fried mozzarella sticks, onion rings...you get the point.  For me, bread can make or break a sandwich and I love their breads here!  I need to find out where they get their breads from because the french is like no other I have had.I really like that they have vegetarian and vegan options for those who so chooses.  I think its safe to say that most of the sandwiches will sit heavy in your stomach..they're not exactly "healthy" sandwiches.Yes, the lines are long but it is definitely worth visiting once in awhile and yes it is a bit more expensive than Togos or Subway but you get what you pay for.  The quality, taste, and options are worth a couple extra bucks. I am quite confused about yelpers' low ratings because the lines are long.  DUH, of course the lines are long, its a great place.  Many great restaurants have long lines even with a reservation. Just brace yourself for the long wait before coming.
8ciQzrRSDqCeS9EIYdpkvA	Yum but pricy.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	I miss University.  The dynamism, the vibe, the youth culture.  That's why I really wanted to work at Stanford, it keeps one young of mind, heart and in body (if you take advantage of the awesome gym facilities).  But what I REALLY miss about University is the DORM FOOD.Well, the concept of dorm food.  When I went to school back in the Midwest, dorm food was crappy.  Capital C.  You'd put on weight from all the fried foods, feel like a slug and it wouldn't do your heart any good.Here, in CA, and more pertinently, at Stanford, dorm food is almost like restaurant food.  The quality is amazing.  organic, free range, sustainable, vegan, vegetarian, you name it.  I'm a vegetarian so when I went with a colleague today to have a lunch meeting, we stopped at Stern and had a ball!  Salad bar with fresh, seasonal produce.  Vegetarian options that were spicy, flavorful, thoughtfully prepared!  And so darn yummy.They also have big open cookie bins, frozen yogurt, fresh fruits of all varieties...lost of healthful alternatives to just sweets for your dessert.The seating is both big and open with long wooden tables for communal, large group dining or cozier booths to canoodle with your Uni-sweetheart.  Bright open windows let lots of light in.  The staff here at Stern are very nice and helpful.  I was loading up my tray and one of the guys helped me carry it back since I was being Miss Piggy and going for 3 layers of plates  :)I run now so I don't get fat again, but if I had daily access to this kind of dorm food these days, I wouldn't stay fit.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	With La Legge's contract not renewed, the Law School Cafe is now under the auspices of Russo Cafe. The hours are more limited now--they close at 2pm (I believe they are open at 7:30), and are closed for part of the summer. No more hot entrées either (but you can go to the nearby Russo Cafe for this). I do recommend their smoked salmon sandwich, which includes a fried egg and some good pepperocinis on the side. Certainly better eats on campus, but this close to my work, the Law School Cafe's good for a quick sandwich, drink, or snack.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	Great to have a froyo place right on campus. It seems they're directly competing with Jamba as far as also offering hot oatmeal. But that's beside the point of this review. This morning I ordered the $4.95 special, a regular with two toppings. I tried soy froyo with the toppings of pineapple and graham crackers--glad I opted for the tang of the pineapple, as the soy variety didn't have much in that vein in its flavor profile. Great texture, however. I agree with the first reviewer on price, a bit on the steep side. This is Stanford. Totally have to try their other dairy froyo selections, as I just opted for something very different this morning. Oh, and it looks like they have Blue Bottle coffee on the menu, at least that's what I thought I saw. I'll be back.
YO724fydzl_b_jjT-GSmRA	I have had trouble getting appts with their phone system, just got an update they are installing a new system, hopefully ths will address the no answer from the staff...seems best to sched the sonogram in person, otherwise its 50/50 if they will pick up.
8rHBjGvSkQSf2k-Sc7J-9A	After taking a campus tour at Stanford and enjoying the blue skies and sun  we went to try Ike's.  The Spiffy Tiffy was delicious! Piles of FRESH chicken, mushrooms, pesto and all the fixing on the this wonderful sub bread.  The sauces are amazing and drip out on every bite.  Pretty tasty.  A close second to Jersey Mike Subs.
Kkfw0DU6JUIqgZF9WVuPhA	I go here daily to grab my snacks and drinks especially when the usual food spots on campus are congested with people. The Market doesn't offer many options for "full" meals (although they have quick to-go hot lunches) but if a granola bar and Naked juice suffice, you can go in and out in less than 2 minutes. The items here are also not the usual artery-congesting Cheetos and donuts you would find at a similar convenience store. Here there is a plethora of organic items, natural foods, and fresh fruit. I love that they have a stock of kombucha, coconut water, and greek yogurt!
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	The food is not good.  I regularly crave great Chinese food, and this place never satisfies the craving.  Nonetheless, I come here occasionally, for three related reasons.1:  They're fast-- much faster than CoHo or Treehouse-- and sometimes I don't have a lot of time.2:  A friend likes to come here a lot, and I don't like to be finicky.3:  They post calorie counts, so you can learn that even though the broccoli beef is no worse than the beijing beef it has 400 fewer calories.  More places should do this, even when the law doesn't force them to.
DbMJ_dBdv1dJLE9MEWvHNQ	As a Berkeley graduate, I shouldn't be giving Stanford any props, but in the case of their bookstore, I'm forced to make an exception. Stanford's bookstore is huge and, with the exception of online retailers like Amazon, the selection is about the best you'll see anywhere. I particularly enjoy reading nerdy titles from university presses, and while you're often hard pressed to find these at chain stores like Barnes and Noble, Stanford has them in abundance. If you want to get your nerd on, this is the place to do it.
t_xEAoTqhTV_W3U_1jME-g	Finally made it here after working in Palo Alto for a few months now. I had been wary of lunch-time crowds, so I came here around 3pm on a Thursday. There was hardly anyone else around, maybe 5 other tables were occupied on the whole floor. I was able to get my order within 15 minutes.Ordered the Matt Cain, and the sandwich was everything I dreamed it would be. I had a tough time deciding, because just about all of the sandwiches sound good, but something about all that meat in between two pieces of Dutch Crunch was calling my name.Sure, it's a bit pricey for a sandwich. But you're not going to find this quality everywhere, and some of Ike's creations are pretty imaginative. Maybe I'll try the Kryptonite one day.A cool bonus to my experience--Ike was actually there making sandwiches, and he and the other employees were really friendly. I'll definitely be making a return sometime soon.
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Always gets busy, and there are usually only 2 workers staffed, which makes the wait really long.The vegetables don't look too fresh.
IgscXYpoe7c9yCC1wY1zbQ	Sandwiches don't get much better than this! Hyped up like no other restaurant I have been to, Ike's has the goods to back it up!With a variety of meat, vegetarian and vegan sandwiches (over 60 were listed last time I went), Ike's has a something for everyone. Typical italian and american sandwiches are delicious, as are the one with more extravagant ingredients (wasabi mayo, mozzarella sticks, coleslaw, etc.). The dirty sauce they smother over all of their sandwiches in addition to heating them up makes all of the flavors blend together in beautiful sandwich harmony.Pro Tip: Avoid the line. The Stanford location takes orders on the phone and it can shorten your wait time by an hour or so during busy hours (11AM - 2PM). If you have the chance to call ahead, definitely do so.
8YtQ7eFhNhW3nCmQ-7bMiw	After the debacle at Performance Bikes in Mt. View, anything would be a step up.  But I went in there, was immediately helped with friendly service and people with actual social skills.  They remembered my phone call from a week ago.  Showed me the bike I wanted.  Ordered it.  Transaction done in  5 minutes.  Nice to run into people who aren't jerks from time to time.
HWfS6ftRMWsCatgR4bnmRg	Great selection and service. Have recently diminished portions-ie, they put the rice in the plate and then they flatten it to make it look like alot versus putting more in.  The catering is the best but they do not deliver. If you have their service for a party-everyone will be thrilled. The calorie count on the menu is terrific in assisting with control but who can resist all the yummy items Pay attention to what is spicy and not-got a surprise tonight! Enjoy-convenient, fast, and yummy!
XA0mlHUo_8TgftFe-0JZ7w	This is for the service...I haven't tried the sandwiches yet because I can't seem to get one.  I just stopped by at 10:45am (because everyone says to go early or the wait is crazy) and the guy said the wait time is 30 minutes for sandwiches.  That's my whole lunch hour so I go back to my desk to call in a sandwich (11:00am) and the guy says the earliest time for a phone pickup is 1:30pm.  I know this location is fairly new (opened last summer) but they should have it together by now.
m6VbqnZ0Pq-mhjtQvoY65w	$5 Happy Hour Axe Burgers FTW! I should also mention that happy hour starts at 3 PM. Way to get me addicted to avocado and thousand island Stanford. The California Chicken Club with sweet potato fries is hella lethal. A great place to mingle with fellow grad students and a short walk from most campus apartments. There are adjacent rooms for events and study lounges upstairs too. Items from the grill can sometimes take a while, even when you call ahead of time, and they could build up the bar a bit. A great social hub nonetheless to catch a game or enjoy some pitchers outside.
goySBsZ3QJfSaElPIDIzLw	a review, in haiku:hackneyed wingnuts breedconspiracy theories in theirdull ivory tower
RBuCX4YSflFXvBrI9W7qhA	Arrogant and nonhelpful officers, many of them even don't have the information as they keep pointing to other officers for answers. Bad class day management and fee structure. Good teachers for advanced class though, but that counterbalances the way they come up with ridicules class structure. I am sure they don't have any idea of how to manage the classes, like beginners, advanced, technique etc, so that maximum benefit can be given to the students within the smallest possible number of days and less time. There classes are spread around the whole week.Final verdict: Avoid. For the same or may be 20-30% more price one can find excellent group lessons in many of the professional clubs around.
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Great food cheap price.  The food was very tasty.  The curry had a nice amount of spice to it.The flavors of the chicken breast and beef are very Korean...reminded me of meals back in Ktown in LA.They let you pile on as much curry and rice as you want.I definitely recommend this place.It only gets 4 stars because they run out of some items quickly since they don't really monitor how much each person gets.
C1XTrG2tP3PPTAR2TTKgHg	I have been banking with Stanford Federal Credit Union for over 10 years. The online banking and bill payer services are excellent. However, I am not writing this review for that. Its SFCU car buying loan officer that have been unprofessional and untimely in dealing with my car loan process. I purchased a car last week from a dealership in southern California. I put a large deposit down, so the car dealership allowed me to take possession of the car and gave me 5 days to have SFCU mail the check for the remaining balance from my pre approved car loan with SFCU. On that same day I called and emailed the loan officer to inform her of the car dealerships address and their contact person to mail the check to. The loan officer says she will contact the car deanship just to reassure them that the check will be sent. She never does...I sent in the final paper work on Friday at noon, of which I email and then I called the loan officer also and left a message on her voice mail, just make sure that she processes it that day (which she agreed to do just the day before). The loan officer calls me a 5:05 pm and leaves a voice mail. saying she has not got the email and she is heading out the door for the weekend. The car dealership calls me upset (and I don't blame them) for information as to when the check is coming and I have to inform them the best I can do is Monday (which is the 5th day) and apologize on SFCU behalf. I shouldn't have to do that, and that is why I write this review. I faxed the final paper work (since email isn't working for her) on Saturday.  Day 5 is coming this Monday.  I just hope my loan officer makes it into work before 2 pm, like she told me she did, last week. Wish me luck...epic fail in my opinion of SFCU car loan service.....----UPDATE---Called on Monday, my car loan officer decided to take the day off and not come into work!! What makes it worse was that my car loan officer decided not to pass my case to another cowoker. Even though she knew this was time sensitive material. I was so hot! After speaking to a manager we were able to get the check sent out to the car dealership. Only after I had to resend in all, and I mean, all my paper work!!!  The new car loan officer was great, in the future, if your loan SFCU even hints at giving you the run around, ask to switch!!
u_LBaXlugdLHPdV9JksIgw	So far so good. My favorite, local expert (Chris Wisco, was at Outfitter's) has become the manager there - he knows bikes and is honest. He is also California's tandem bike guru. He has helped me for years, so I know and trust him - as for the Campus Bike Shop itself, I have been twice with my tandem and the staff were friendly, fast, and knew their stuff. Prices are decent - ESPECIALLY HELMETS as Stanford subsidizes the price to make them UNDER WHOLESALE...
XQ-m75M0aCkCckFBjL0d4w	A mediocre experience.  The menu board prominently featured the special of the day, which was half of an egg salad sandwich with arugula salad.  I ordered that, but the distracted person behind the counter couldn't seem to get it.  What could be simpler than ordering the special of the day?  Anyway, I repeated my request several times, but of course when my order came it was not the special, but rather just the egg salad sandwich.  The food runner was rather flummoxed when I pointed out the mistake so rather than causing some serious panic I settled for that.  And after all that I must report that the sandwich was probably the worst egg salad sandwich I have had in recent memory.  It mostly consisted of rubbery egg whites with a little yoke in a boring curry sauce on very inappropriate bread.  I would rather travel from Palo Alto to Bakesale Betty in Oakland if I wanted an egg salad sandwich.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	I like *being* here. I like working here, as long as I don't need an outlet. I just don't like eating here.Got their vegetable panini once. Never again.Stick to the baked goods and the drinks... They have free water where the coffee customization station is. They also sell lots of packaged snacks, some salads, my beloved Diet Coke. The best part is that it feels like a coffee shop where you don't have to shout to be heard (like at Coupa), and you get to literally sit above the tourists and prospies. It's nice to get away.
QYUZD1Tn0UzrTbUG08lpiw	In a previous review, I gave this range one star.  However, I just spent an hour there today, and was very pleasantly surprised.  They replaced ALL of the nasty, worn out mats with new ones.  Additionally, it looks like they have replaced a majority of the balls with fresh ones.  On top of all that, the guy in the clubhouse who sells the tokens was actually very nice.I think it's important for Yelp reviewers to make changes to reviews when warranted.  This was one I was happy to make.  Keep in mind, they still have no food or beverages other than a soda machine.  It was quite crowded the majority of the time I was there, although I was able to find an open mat in a relatively short amount of time.
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	I like to sneak over here for lunch. The food is plentiful and cheap. Usually there is pasta, a salad bar (very basic), some kind of bbq chicken or similar hot dish, and they have sandwiches and smoothies. The smoothies are yummy. I love that they offer grilled cheese and pb&j, and that you can get half sandwiches. Everyone is really friendly here and the line moves quick. It must be all those endorphins. You can also get breakfast in the morning, which is also cheap and tasty with generous portions. I see a lot of student athletes and coaches eating here.Sometimes getting a table at the height of the lunch rush can be a bit tricky, so if you can go before noon or after 1, you'll be sitting pretty. Also, the cookies are very yummy and less than $1. You just can't beat that.
q6OevSTTLSUaKoj8eVKW-w	Cool Cafe is one of Jesse Ziff Cool's restaurants and she strives to serve only fresh, in-season, organic and local ingredients. Cool Cafe overlooks the Rodin sculpture garden on Stanford campus, and is a wonderful place to be on a sunny day. There is outside seating and picnic tables on the lawn. While we were visiting the Cantor Art Museum, we stopped by the cafe for lunch. Prices are slightly higher, but you're paying for premium ingredients. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which had: chicken, bacon, lettuce, avocado and chipotle mayo. The chicken was flavorful and juicy. The sandwich was a good size and just enough for lunch. We saw a lot of families while we were there; seems like a great place to have some lunch and relax while you're visiting the Stanford campus or art museum.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	ABCD Season One, Episode Two: "Back to Business."Conversation overheard here. Loosely translated.B: Hmmm ... the Graduate School of Business cafeteria at Leland Stanford Jr. University, huh? In the basement, is it? How priceless! What a perfect metaphor for the current downtrodden state of the capitalist economy.A: Can it, Castro! This is wholesome, free-market food served to order. Just the way I like it. I'm luvin' it, actually. Salads, sammies, soup, some hot entrees, and lots and lots of seats to choose from. Like Adam Smith intended it, plus vegan options, too, for all you socialists out there (smirks wryly). And they take credit. You've got plastic, right?B: I cut up my cards to protest the bailout of the financial industry. If bankruptcy is good enough for Lehman Brothers, it's good enough for the rest.A: But you've got to admit that there are lots of tasty food choices here. And you never have to wait. Ever. That's pretty cool. Try that at Ike's!B: I would wait for hours for some truly revolutionary food on campus. Ike's is leading the way. Ike is SO vanguard. Maybe he'll even name a sandwich after Che Guevara. It would have red tomatoes, red peppers, red cabbage, and red radishes all mixed up with the tastes of ... freedom! It's dirty sauce or death!! Viva La Revolución!!!C: Excuse me? What revolution? How will this affect my 401(k)? And I JUST switched to GEICO ...That gecko is just so convincing, you know.D: Dear, please don't interrupt the student radicals when their mouths are full. Sorry! Our son (Class of 2014, so proud of him) is going to be a business major and then get his MBA and then found an Internet startup and then have a building named after him. And to think that he was once just a little boy running around the house in his Huggies pull-ups (sniffs).A: (uncomfortable silence)B: My mom didn't use plastic diapers. Only organic, free-range, sweatshop-free, not-for-profit cotton ones. She didn't shave, either. And look how I turned out!D: (sips her Coke Zero long and hard. Says nothing). C: Hey, is that Condi Rice there in the corner eating a burrito?B: (glances over). No, probably not. That must be the OTHER tall black woman with a power suit on campus (whipes the dripping sarcasm from his chin before proceeding). And no students are protesting at the next booth over. Plus, no guys with crew cuts, dark glasses, and Brooks Brothers suits are sitting beside her. Sorry. Try the Hoover!D: But this place looks so clean!? Who needs to vacuum? Don't they have (lowers her voice) some low-wage workers to do that sort of thing? You know .... ¿Habla español and all?B: (angry) OK ... nos vamos! We're outta here. Have a nice day, and enjoy your time at $tanford. And don't let the Marguerite shuttle drive over your lily-white a#@ on the way back to your Hummer H3 illegally double-parked in the A-permit section of Palm Drive! A: Excuse him. He's got issues. BIG ones. He needs to hug his Rosa Luxemburg Beanie Baby when he gets back to the Village. (as an aside to A:). I think I last saw her floating in the bathtub, you know B: (flips him the finger before getting up to leave).D: Is your friend one of those "Village People," then? The ones they don't let into the military if they ask and tell?B: ESCONDIDO Village, you freakin' idiots!!! (heads up the stairs, shaking visibly with rage).C: (to D, under his breath) I think we just met one of those lefty nut jobs that Bill O'Reilly is always telling us to watch out for. Good riddance! And I'll bet his "roommate" is from Iran, too. I've heard tales ...D: Mmmmmm ... this is one big burrito. What a great deal. Maybe we should tell our son about this place. Think outside the bun and all!C: Sure, he loves authentic Mexican food. That's why he always wants to go to Tijuana to buy them in person. They sure seem expensive, though. He always is asking for money to support his habit, he always has the "munchies." Funny word, "munchies." But they ARE addictive, I'll give him that! D: Let's call him up, then. I can use my new G4. Once I figure out how to turn it on, sweetie (pecks C. mischievously on the cheek). But only after I finish this yummy fat-free burrito, that is!And finish it she did.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	The boys at work (they are engineers) LOVE dorm food dining for their lunches.  Today,  Greg and MonkeyTom took me to a new dorm dining hall, Wilbur.I get what they like about it now.  On the Stanford campus, dorm dining has been taken to a new level.  This place had organic, vegan meals delicious, rivaling some of the best City vegetarian restaurants in the area.  No kidding.I had a really delicious salad, with spinach, roasted mushrooms, roasted beets, buttery roasted carrots.I moved on to gourmet red pepper and grilled cheese sammie bites.  I had a garlic and olive oil bok choy salad sauteed, yum.  Brown rice with spicy black lentils and tomatoes.Very very satisfying.  Then, I took 10 cookies and fed all of the engineers back at work.  Oh yeah....boys and food.  Excellent motivational tools.  I know how to get the work done.  ;)
GEu83t4SjJ5S7SdoGkZIDg	Coupa Cafe has the best chai tea lattes! I love their elephant chai, like everybody else. I had their arepas, and they take a long time to make, but they warn you ahead of time on the menu. Their food is a bit expensive for my taste, but their drinks are amazing and the location in Y2E2 is so pretty. There is not a lot of tables to sit at, and it can get pretty crowded during lunch. I personally like the one near Green Library better, since it's closer to my dorm and has a more social feel to it, but this Coupa is a great addition to the engineering quad.
ihqfOa0RpyhsU8zXOJpC_A	Really good sandwiches but expensive for the portion, having to pay for parking and having to wait.I miss the days when they let me order fried mozzarella sticks ON THE SIDE. The last time I went I ordered it in the sandwich (it's mandatory.. lame) and they forgot to include it. Price for 2 sandwiches and one soda was about $25. Good sandwiches with a hefty price.
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Tresidder Union (Stanford University)....Student meeting placeCalled Tresidder UnionCenter of good eats!Peet's, Panda ExpressSubway, Fraiche, Tree House, CO-HOJamba Juice and more!Computer clustersFedEx Office, meeting roomsStudent Affairs' home!A lot happens hereHustle and bustle, studyRecreation, rest!BBQ is grilledBikes are repaired, meals are sharedMemories are made!There is no escapeIf you come to Stanford onceOr you stay for good....You'll find yourself hereGrabbing grub, finding restroomsAsking directions!
0gYLcORDT6iqxSr8rhHysA	I'm in loooove with their mushroom soup (and apparently so is everyone else since I stopped by around 3pm and it was all gone)!! It contains a variety of mushrooms in their delicious chicken bouillon, it's very filling and about $3 for the small sized container.I also occasionally get their breakfast egg sandwich ($5 and available all day!) with pepper jack cheese and ham/bacon on an asiago bagel. They will automatically toast the bagel for you and it comes with 2 egg patties and 2 layers of ham/bacon. Pass on the mayo and butter, it's already artery clogging enough.They also have a bbq every Tuesday and Thursday during the summer, it's cash only and be prepared to wait at least 10 minutes. Your purchase includes a bag of chips; soda can be bought for an extra dollar. After purchasing your food at the tent, go inside CCSR Lutticken's cafe to find your burger condiments and toppings! I recommend the turkey burger.
veQVlF_629VxcTFTk1aznw	Still delish. Menu's clearer on the board in the back. They no longer have water cups for conservation reasons, but they do have plenty of beverage options. My faves are still the Menage A Trois (BBQ sauce!) & "We're Just Friends" (orange glaze!). I'd go for the foot-long since that's the most bang for your buck considering a half-sandwich is more than half the price. Wheat bread's good as ever. Line's def died down from when it opened initially, though, this might be a result of it being the summer + early lunch (11:30am).
p5McIA4bvxn5_R8DqHmI7Q	Found Stanford's Bartender and Carlos through yelp and I was not disappointed.  From our initial call until after our wedding was over Carlos and his staff were extremely professional and went out of their way to make sure everyone was having a great time.  Carlos even helped me with the grocery list as I had no idea about what and how much alcohol to buy.  Our three bartenders came on time and were dressed professionally.The only negative I heard was that the drinks had more lime/lemon flavor than normal (which makes sense since they hand squeezed all the juices) but that didn't stop people from ordering drink after drink.  Highly recommend Stanford's Bartender for your wedding or any occasion you need a bartender.
EuIh4hwfMCxO05BilHhRrQ	Representing class of 2012!  Stanford is truly paradise: academically, socially, and weather wise. The campus is gorgeous and the professors and administrators truly care about the students. At Stanford, you will work insanely hard but also have more fun than you ever thought possible. You will make amazing friends from all over the world. Freshman dorms sponsor trips to San Fran and Lake Tahoe. My professors are always famous in their fields of study. For example, the class Sleep and Dreams (which is awesome and everyone should take it) is taught by the doctor who discovered REM sleep. To quote Anchorman...we're kind of a big deal ;-)
pmKnNkGVgzhMkwJaTU5apA	I love Ike's. I am so glad they opened one nearby to me instead of me having to drive all the way to SF whenever I am craving this. My boyfriend has never tried this so I wanted him to get the Ike's experience. We decided to go after we were thinking of a place to eat in Palo Alto. It was kind of tricky navigating to this place only because it is on Stanford's college campus and I am not really familiar with it. After finding it you can park in the garage then walk over to the sandwich shop. The location is pretty cool because I got a feel of this prestigious college. When we got there it was 20 minutes till closing so it wasn't super packed. The location seems like its in a student union center or can be a study area as well. I like it because there is actually a place to sit and wait. I got the Al Bundy Sandwich and my boyfriend got the Matt Cain Sandwich. My boyfriend basically got everything in it and even added a Mozzarella Cheese Stick in it. I went the other way, I took out a part of their special sauce just because I do not like mayo. I didn't really want my sandwich to be dripping left and right so I kept it simple adding lettuce and tomato. The Al Bundy itself comes with ham, salami, cheddar cheese, avocado all on a toasted bread. TOO good. The portion sizes are a good amount and everything here is too good. I highly recommend this place one of my favorite sandwich spots!
q6OevSTTLSUaKoj8eVKW-w	I've heard of Ike's for a long time but never got the chance to try it until the Stanford location opened up. We've been back several times and the sandwiches have always been super tasty. My first sandwich was a Spiffy Tiffy and I was amazed at how flavorful it was and definitely not dry. On our latest visit, we got the Menage A Trois which has halal chicken, honey, honey mustard, bbq, pepper jack, swiss, and cheddar. We got it on the Dutch crunch bread and it was pure deliciousness. I really like the fact that the dutch crunch doesn't scratch up the roof of my mouth. Be sure to ask to for the lettuce, tomatoes, and other fixings since they don't come by default.  The sandwiches can be messy, so load up on the napkins. Wait times can get long, so save yourself some time by calling in your order before heading over. If you have an iphone, you can even use the free Ike's Place app to place your order!
J_2HkIwv3vTF5CjsSIkKRQ	+Good variety of food, both vegetarian and non.+All food is very flavorful and well spiced+Very reasonably priced (for Stanford/Palo Alto area)Bottom line:  If you're feeling like Asian cuisine, this is hands-down the best place on campus.
kg1Nbs4bMmq3-CmxowVSew	Like another recent poster, I ordered the chicken chutney sandwich... which couldn't have had more than one ounce of chicken on it, meaning I was left hungry. One of the staff, bussing tables, asked me how I'd liked my sandwich, and I politely told him -- and received no response at all, other than a blank stare.  My companion had only a slightly better time with her chicken/bacon sandwich.We sat outside and enjoyed the view out over the garden towards the mountains and wished we had ordered something else.
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	I had lunch with Patrick Keating here.  You don't know who he is, but I promise he's way cooler than you or the eponymous Cafe. This place has a lot going for it.  The (vaguely) seasonal menu, waiiter service, and organic ingredients make you feel like you're at some pretentious california yuppy place, in a good way if that's possible.  But the surrounding art makes for quite an atmosphere.  It's just far enough away from the main part of campus, and sufficiently free of students, to make you feel like you've escaped it all.  And, not that it matters at a restaurant or anything, but the food is excellent.  On the downside, it's pricey and doesn't fill a voracious aspiring fatman like me up.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Best variety of food on the Stanford campus and its quite tasty too.    There's a taqueria with build-your-own burritos & tacos (around $6), a variety of burgers including vegetarian and fish ($6-$7), tossed salads (around $7), pressed sandwiches, Asian bowls (around $7), a salad bar, a couple soups, and entrees ($7.50).  The entrees include 2 sides, and you have a choice of about 5 of them.   Today's entree was honey glazed salmon, and I had it with potatoes and quinoa.   I'm always a little leery of getting fish in a food-court/buffet type place, but this was surprisingly very good.    I'm not sure where the people who say this place is overpriced are eating; $6-$8 for a full meal is very reasonable on the Stanford campus.    This place is up there with Ike's & Treehouse as my favorite lunch spots on campus, and if you have picky eaters or a large group its simply unbeatable because of the variety.
zAtfaSQCaJYHyiuXM6zMlg	Stanford Bartender did both my 21st and 22nd birthday parties. In case it isn't obvious by the repeat business,  they did an absolutely AMAZING job both years and I would highly recommend them for anyone who wants a great party that is both classy and creative. Of note, they showed up with a fully original drink menu, customized things to any requests and were perfectly timely in serving 50+ guests. Oh yeah, they also lit things on fire. Drinks and a show. Now that's what I'm talking about, especially when I'm drinking. Thanks Stanford Bartender for throwing me a great party - AND for cleaning up so well afterward too! You'll be hearing from me again next year for sure!
TRa6aD6vHUC-q6uYVRgScA	Leland Stanford Junior University delights.More an experience than a place or a time.An opportunity to learn to think.
JZ5-5n7ieD3mZUwb72JRng	Quite impressive sports facilities!!! This is a gorgeous campus overall. Love the city of Palo Alto too!
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Very cool ambiance --- Bytes is a hip little eatery in the Packard Electrical Engineering Building.  Specializing in salads, pizzas, pasta and sandwiches, it attracts quite a crowd from the neighboring Hewlett Teaching Center  (oh come on Hewlett is never that far away whenever Packard is mentioned and vice versa. They're like the Aflek and Damon of the technology world!), and the Gates Bldg. across the way.  With all that computer history in the vicinity of course the clientele lunches with all of its mobile technical wares sprawled on the tables. I'm glad the Latin music piped through the stereo speakers spiced up lunch because my garlic chicken sandwich was a bit bland.  I found myself wishing I'd gotten a salad --- any salad, which is what the tables around me seemed to be eating. They looked FABULOUS!  The pasta looked great as well. I'll definitely be back.One note: like a lot of other eateries on campus, go around 11:30 or wait until 1PM or you'll stand in quite a line.
Ad8QHsIUVfmTHPy4hl8BOw	Carlos and his partner did an amazing job at our wedding. He helped with every element o prep: putting together a drink list, determining the amount of glasses needed, putting together a grocery list that minimized leftover alcohol, timing of the service and much more. They were both professional on the night of and were very friendly with everyone.I would gladly hire Carlos and crew again.
aVvy8EtCuasMp7E-Nr3vVw	Best food on Stanford campus. Strong coffee for those who like it.
n6UXH8UQwBXvtWXevPeuKw	This place is extremely close to the building where I work...and so gets an extra star in my rating :P :P but seriously....I love this place as far as my lunch at Stanford is concerned. Its burritos are a basic 6.something and fill you up like anything! The Yahoo chicken barbeque burrito is good. So, is the Mojito one...with melted cheese and sause on top of a burrito and chips and avacado on the side...for a whopping 8.something...its totallly worth it!!!!! On days when I am not too hungry...one can always go for the small soft chicken tacos...you can have two of them (one is not that too filling but two of them do it)....but they are loaded with chicken and tomatoes and are kinda watery so you may not like it every day. Have also tried the empanadas...the chicken and spinach cheese one is great! Again...not that filling but good enough. All the other burritos and wraps on the menu are also nice. They also have tortilla chips and 3 different kinds of salsa. Service is pretty good for a cafeteria....the guys whip through every order real quick which is commendable given this place is super crowded during peak lunch hours. Sitting is incredible too with outdoor tables under the sun....Right opp. the food counter is the coffee counter with the coffee lady who serves 32 different kinds of drip coffee...for $1.5...love the Ethiopian flavor. All in all...a place totally worth going to!
xzvTed9al7cOEc0S57kb3w	Menage a trois- Super delicious and oh so satisfying. You definitely will be a happy camper to eat this all to yourself. Hot Momma Huda- Good for those hot wing lovers, and was a bit messy drip drip dripping sauce all over the place! I was smart and called in my order, avoiding a long line and lessening my hunger time! I'm not very pleasant when hungry, so this was huge benefit for me and anyone around me. The sandwiches are quite pricey, and they were small(er) here compared to the one's I've had from the SF location. Get the dirty chips! The Funky Fusion flavor is the best!This location is on the Stanford campus. Park at parking lot 2 and pay at the meter/ticket machine. If you call in, you'll be in and out within 30-40 minutes. I ended up putting almost a hour in the machine, so the person who parked right after me got lucky ;)
xs4GVB9p7xl-1QVawOPdAg	This is probably the nicest range you're going to find.  It's clean and the rates aren't that bad.  See below for prices.  Many many stalls.  Saw Michelle Wie (and her parents) on the adjacent varsity driving range a couple of times a year or two ago.  I think they moved the varsity driving range though.There's a putting green across the street next to the tennis courts.  There's also a practice hole across Junipero Serra next to the Stanford Golf Course.  You have to drive into the golf course and veer left instead of continuing onto the clubhouse.  Both putting green and practice hole are free I believe.
mi6raRWQboj29_hGUo01jg	Long live Stanford's Thai Soup Nazi! She's even more of a curmudgeon than the Soup Nazi on Seinfeld. Just don't have your order or cash ready when you get to the window and you'll see... This place lost some of it's hole-in-the-wall mystique now that the food doesn't magically appear from inside a closet in the basement. But it still tastes just as good.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	Axe and Palm now has a very simple straightforward food menu. They focus on various types of burgers and offer each as an a la carte or combo (with fries and drink) for 50 cents more. You can expect to be full for about 7 buckaroos.Drinks are self-serve and each burger is made to order. This of course increases the wait time, especially during lunch rush hour. They give you a typical chain restaurant buzzer to roam around with while your food is being prepped.Simple all American food that is "healthier" than fast food options. Food portions are generous though. They also offer a couple vegetarian options and have grab-n-go cooler items for those on a tight time budget.
FjNgN6Dk9fh4NatwthoFgA	A bit pricey, but yummy food. I got the chutney chicken salad sandwich, which was delish with a hint of curry. Fresh ingredients and gorgeous setting, especially on a nice sunny day.
uMwIo-1QlLICSZK6cfEheA	As part of the annual Stanford Jazz Workshop, Jazz concerts are held every week on Stanford campus during the summer. Jazz musicians such as Cyrus Chestnut Trio, Chris Potter, Phil Woods were at the 2006 Festival. The concerts are normally held in Dinkelspiel Auditorium or in one of the recital halls. Ticket prices range from $20 to $40. Here is a trick, students get 50% off, so if you have a student id which you think is still good, use it.The concerts normally last for 2-2.5 hours, with a 15 min or so intermission.You can purchase tickets at the door, but sometimes they are sold out  very fast one week prior to the concert. so you will need to be quick.Note: 2007 Stanford Jazz Festival performer lineup announced Spring 2007 (http://www.stanfordjazz.org/events/festival.html)
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	So I came here for the first time today since the re-opening of CoHo, with a redone interior more conducive to a coffee house. Flan-custard danishes? That's right, some sort of flan custard, albeit the cinnamon almost destroyed the subtle flan flavor. Yummy yummy mouth feel, mmmmm ... One way to get food pr0n in my morning.And yes, I'll be back ...
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	The Cafe owner looks and acts like Mr. Big. No joke. See for yourself. This is reason enough to go to Bytes. Had the Boca Burger the other day, I have no idea what it's made of, but it was pretty tasty.
VPHb-zShxXPczcgbpuF1SQ	Oh, Nexus... why do you keep trying to rob poor scientists of their hard-earned and very little pay!??The food at Nexus is okay, and really good compared to most on-campus dining options at Stanford. My biggest complaint is that everything is pretty overpriced for what it is. The salad/sandwich bar, especially, is extremely overpriced -- you pay by weight, and even a simple sandwich can cost $10.My go-to meals at Nexus are the paninis, which are actually delicious. They sometimes have very creative paninis, like prosciutto + brie + pears. The paninis are pretty small, though.Most meals cost $6-8, but with tax it can be frustrating to spend $7 on a tiny panini.
o-t-i7nbT5N_cmkCXs5oDQ	Best sandwich shop on Stanford campus in my opinion. The bread is always fresh, as are the ingredients, and the portions are generous. I used to always get the egg salad sandwich on Dutch crunch bread, with heaps of veggies (get the fresh and roasted bell peppers), and that was quite yummy. There's usually a very long line around noon, so it's usually better to go either really early or after 1:30 or so. A serious plus: they take credit cards! The prices however are a little stiff: they used to be quite bit lower but have recently increased to almost unbearable levels (also: how can an egg salad sandwich cost the same as a chicken breast or a roast beef sandwich?). So minus one star for the prices.
pixNhhD7MstDu0Q0F9QyzA	A+ for Stanford's Bartender.  Carlos is a master of mixology and he prepares a diverse and unique menu of drinks.  But a good party requires way more than just good alcohol, and Carlos knows how to make it happen.  Carlos helps create an atmosphere that is high energy, and he delivers a party you won't soon forgot (even after a night of drinking).  If you're looking to throw a first-class, hassle-free party, then Stanford's Bartender is the right choice.
MGhKNO12impia4GKUvdcAA	Damn, I definitely got the wrong sandwich the 1st time I tried Ike's out. This time I gotta admit, that quality was definitely there in my Matt Cain sandwich. The sauces at Ike's are KILLER, definitely the key element of the sandwich.Only things holding Ike's back from being a 5 star sandwich shop.1. A little too pricey2. Terrible location for non Stanford students3. Wait time for your sandwich is quite longA couple other things I digged about Ike's place. - Free scrumptious caramel apple pop for right after you kill your meal- Spacious area to grub out compared to Redwood Shores location- Cashier is a look a like of J-Wow from Jersey Shore
1WfaAbWC06QDnb59vqnEZw	The Stanford Athletics Shop is no longer located in the Track House, where it had been my entire life. It's now located inside the seating structure at Angell Field, a good 100 yards away, but a little closer to most of the parking. This makes it a lot easier to try to blow $50-$70 on a red hoodie.Since this is just an offshoot of the Stanford Bookstore, you can expect to find similar apparel. They have Stanford hoodies, jackets, and tees from Nike, Russell, Under Armour, and Champion. I like this because even if a sweatshirt doesn't fit, there's a good chance another brand makes something similar that will. The biggest problem is that even when things are on sale, you'd be hard pressed to spend less than $30 here. If you're on a tighter budget, you should try the student store.
182OovAWrdzg5cvSyLX92w	Ike's Place is a great place to get a really good unique and interesting sandwich. The Spiffy Tiffy is hands down my favorite. It really is nothing like I have ever had before as far as sandwiches go, and their list of unique and really really good tasting sandwiches goes on and on.Yes, the lines are long at peak lunch time... Call in your order and have your sandwich ready for you when you get there instead of complaining about waiting. Yes, the ambiance is... well casual and somewhat tacky (someone said something about it looking like a cafeteria?), but what do you expect? It's a sandwich place... This place has good seating and is well lit, so if you end up waiting a long time, its not too bad if you're in good company.Ike's does not have its own parking really, and it's kinda hard to find, but if you check out the pictures of the building (a couple posted here on yelp), once you're near, it'll be hard to miss.If you are looking for your classic sandwich with traditional tastes and good quality ingredients, then you should go to Driftwood on El Camino. If you want to try a new sandwich that will blow your mind, go to Ike's Place.I give Ike's Place five stars because it is a sandwich place that you can count on for making you a delicious and unique sandwich. That's all I care about when it comes to places like Ike's.
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Meh. Kinda pricey. Ok sandwiches
WDsr8RnPqbceR3s2yZYr3Q	It's a mixed bag... on one hand they've got some unique and innovative programs to encourage bike commuting and discourage on-campus driving, but on the other hand, they've got some comically bad policies that merit a sarcastacular Yelp review.  Now I'm not going to complain about the notorious early 2000s era practice of putting up temporary "no parking" signs and then ticketing cars parked by them.... though I had a couple friends enjoy the benefits of contributing revenue through that.No, I'm going to talk about visitor parking.  Stanford has lots of events on campus that a visitor might want to attend.  Your choices are only terrible if using conventional thinking.  So let's think positive:- You can park at a meter using coins.  This is great if you want to walk a mile to your event, because the meters exist hardly anywhere.  It's also awesome if you have tons of change because they charge like $2 per hour.  And a further benefit is that it  prevents you from getting too comfortable in the Stanford bubble - they limit you to two hours in a lot of places.- Park illegally.  This is a great option for those of us who love gambling and make a decent wage, but without the benefits of mile-long walks to your destination.  Enforcement is thoroughly random: one friend parked in a residential lot without a permit, overnight, for 18 straight months at Mirrielees (or was it Suites?) before he was ticketed.  An acquaintance managed to park only two hours at AK (around 9am) before being ticketed, and yours truly took a dozen two-hour whacks at EV's vehicular accommodations before being allowed to donate to further enforcement efforts.  A ticket is on the order of $50, which from an expected-value perspective is a good price - unless you are, say an indebted student who then won't be able to afford groceries if you get unlucky.  So an additional benefit is that the enforcement keeps Romney's  "47%" from getting too comfortable parking their jalopies in such nicely groomed lots.- You can buy a one day "scratcher" permit.  Now this option is truly awesome, combining all of the benefits of the above two options.  First, it only allows you to park in the few "visitor" spaces, so you can still get lots of exercise.  Second, in the long run it allows you to provide even more revenue to P&TS than parking illegally, because these cost an epic $12 per day.  An extra benefit: you have to go to the parking office - during business hours only - to buy them, ensuring that you see more of Stanford.  While there you'll benefit from several P&TS posters telling you how much they help reduce traffic and its environmental impact. And finally: when there, you'll likely find that in order to visit the parking office you need to - guess what??? - PARK!  That's right, you'll have to bring change with you to the parking office so you can park in a visitor spot while buying your $12 day permit.  Another awesome opportunity to provide much needed revenue to this enterprise.In short, there are many ways to enjoy your car-based visit to Stanford.Now for the non-sarcastic version: if you're going somewhere Tresidder, park in that lot using a daily permit you can buy at a machine there.  If you're visiting elsewhere, just remember that daily parking is $50, and a nice police officer will leave a bill on your windshield.   But most days (which are unannounced) such parking is free.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	When you come here, it is like stepping into a primeval world of giant plants that dwarf you into stunned silence and reverent submission. Or, you just feel like a bug in a garden. Either way, the Arizona cactus garden, located on the Stanford University campus just west of Palm Drive, is worth the adventure to find it. It's one of the most relaxing and unique spots in all of Palo Alto for those who dig really cool plants and green spaces. There is nothing in the Bay Area to compare it with outside of conservatories and greenhouses. But this is open air. And it's free admission! This garden, comprised of more than 500 different types of cacti and sun-tolerant succulent plants, was first designed for the Stanford family in 1880, but it lingered in neglect for over a century until the 1990s, when grounds staff at the university began to restore it to glory. And boy did they succeed! Some of the older specimens have been soaking in the sun and warm, dry conditions that prevail for much of year in the valley for over 100 years. And they are huge! When these mega-cacti flower, it is a feast to behold: bees buzz about in search of sweet nectar, the flowers open and close with the sun, the petals are delicate but robust, like those of a water lily (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7kDmnprC9ZK-KiMw0SV5yQ?select=lE9ui_S9vnE0N2ZFPDcBWg). You can wander aimlessly around the grounds mesmerized by the spectacle - my preferred way of doing it. Or maybe walk your dog, read a book, catch up on email (it's Stanford, after all, and wifi rules the day), or just soak up the pleasures of these venerable green beings. Some of which are older than the 2nd growth redwoods in the nearby hills and mountains. Short of a trip into the desert or Joshua Tree National Forest, this is one suburban, Silicon Valley outing that will connect you with nature without ever leaving range of your smart phone. Now THAT'S peninsula living at its finest. And you can grab a snack or Roma-quality macchiato at Tootsie's when you're finished!
elyvWgnY-oN7TfLMDt9o4Q	
JJ3WxVE0lt8M9yfqpI88TA	This seemed like a perfect place to meet my husband for lunch or coffee, a short walk for him, but feeling farther away with it's sculptures and garden landscape. However, the cafe doesn't live up to what I expect of a museum cafe. Something is missing. When you walk into the cafe, it seems cold and sterile and institutional, quite the opposite of what you would expect. within an art museum. However, the outdoor tables look inviting.  Next glance up at the menu and find overpriced items to choose from. These items are made with fresh organic ingredients and includes soups and salads. I think $10.00 for a small salad or sandwich is on the high side. This might be okay if the food was exceptional, but it isn't.  My roasted beet salad was not well made. The goat cheese was placed in large clumps, the beets tough and there was too much spice on the walnuts, overwhelming the delicate flavors of the other ingredients.  My husband had the Chicken Curry sandwich, which he liked but thought overpriced. We have eaten here previously and had a similar experience.For a cafe that sells itself as a healthy and fresh "cool" place among the sculptures, it is decidedly not what it suggests. Fresh and organic yet prepared poorly is a waste. Cool Cafe, take inspiration from your location and rise from the bland mediocrity with a little more attention to detail and love.
TXTg2Q1mnf_kbewJs2XhPA	First, the good:  They're open decent hours, the staff is nice (especially Francisco), and they occasionally stock bizarre specialty items like those Choward's Violet Candies things.  Also, the coffee has improved tenfold since the remodel.  The prices aren't terrible, either.Now, the bad: The selection isn't very healthy.  And for reasons I've never been able to determine, they sell about 12 different flavors of potato chips (all the same brand), but often don't have basic things like M&Ms.  There's often a long line at lunch, and the popular food items run out early.Overall, I feel like Stanford Law School could do better, but I'm definitely glad it's here...  we all need our coffee before facing tax law or constitutional litigation in the morning.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Located underneath Stanford's School of Education, it would be easy to miss this place if it weren't for the cutout of the chubby chef  perched at the top of the stairs descending into the place. ( I have a feeling this same cut out is part of a group shot in many photo albums, just something I've witnessed during my visits.) The Cubberly Cafe makes a terrific and affordable sandwich and does so according to your specifications. They also have a great menu of offerings they're known for including the Stanford, the Cubberly and others. They make a kick ass chicken salad sandwich, an assortment of desserts and they have a wide array of snacks. Stop by today --- friendly service awaits just beyond the silly group enjoying a Kodak moment with the chubby chef cutout with today's special's on it!
Pqs2cVDuNjJ3TOjli-vyZw	Dirty sauce. Ménage a trois. Dutch crunch. Somewhere in there is a metaphor for a sinfully delicious encounter, and that's how I'd have to describe my experiences so far.  The Halal chicken can come out a little on the dryer side, but this is a small complaint for otherwise amazingly addicting sandwiches. The sandwiches come in half and full sizes- a reasonable person can get full off of half, but why would you when you can get the full size? The wait on the weekends have never been that bad before 12:30pm, and there's parking nearby if you know where you're going. You will want to make this trip, trust me!
Dhqza5iTOhA5oNuyHmGe8Q	I find it really funny that a campus dining hall is on yelp.Pros:* Food: In terms of dining halls, this is the best food I've had and is perhaps the best dining hall on campus.  They offer a lot of vegetarian options and the meat dishes are often pretty tasty.  These two things cannot be said for most other dining halls.  Salad bar is nice.* Persistence: You can show up and stay for hours, do your homework, get soda / coffee refills, snack on stuff when you're hungry again.  I think you could theoretically show up for breakfast and leave at 2am when they close.* Healthy: It's POSSIBLE to eat fairly health here.  I believe they buy organic and local when possible.  You can also choose to avoid things that you view as unhealthy since it's a buffet.Cons:* Food: It's not ALWAYS good.  It's true that there are many vegetarian options, but other than the salad bar they are mostly carb-heavy.  It would be nice to see more creative vegetarian options that relied more on vegetables and legumes than pastas / potatoes / grains.* Healthy: This place is touted as being healthy, but that's only half true.  They give you plenty of options to not be healthy; I've seen people load up their plate full of pizza with a heap of bacon on top, drinking chocolate milk on the side.  You will only eat healthy here if you CHOOSE healthy options and eat them in moderation.* Price: They recently raised the prices of meals (for graduate students, at least) by a dollar per meal OR MORE (up to $3 per meal increase!!!).  If you want to buy a dinner and don't know what you're doing on their website, you will pay over $10 per meal.  This is a Stanford dining problem in general, but it's worth including in a discussion of Arrillaga Commons.  * Hours: While it's true that you can be here all day, you'll only get good food in small blocks of time.  Dinner is from 5-8pm and if you stay or enter beyond that, you will be picking through whatever paltry leftovers there are from earlier.  Maybe they bring out more food later, but my first hand experience is that 8:30pm seriously suuuuuuucks and isn't worth paying money for.  Go someplace else.Overall:It's not a bad place, but a lot of us are bitter about the price increase.  I would have given 4-stars if not for that.  It's nice that you can choose what you want eat, instead of getting a burrito with way too much rice in it (I'm looking at you, Treehouse) or an obviously-frozen-before-it-hit-the-grill hamburger with bad-for-you fries (I'm looking at you, Axe), or a ridiculous amount of oily noodles with a bunch of other kinda-chinese food slathered in corn-syrup-based sauces (damn you, Panda).  There are a few things about this place that suck, but it is probably your best option for food on campus if you can afford the new prices.
RxaqMFylRmftGzihOQTmfg	Offers the same drink menu as the other location at Green Library but no food other than premade salads/sandwiches. Convenient location, good for an afternoon pick-me-up!
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Cheap pre-made sandwiches probably made from cardboard.
W6N0b3e4fL5UfpwPTuNzNg	My rating is neutral based on my experience of the campus as a visitor during Big Game, and it's nice and boring, but well landscaped. Hoorah.But just for fun, with advance apologies for plagiarism, let's just compare samplings of 1-star reviews from Stanfurd:"I would not go back if you paid me.""Worst decision I ever made.""The campus is beautiful, the girls are not.""Stanford is a place without a soul.""A big disappointment."Whew. Also, half the reviews for Stanfurd are from visitors who think the campus is pretty, whereas almost all of Cal are from enthusiastic students. Are Stanfurd students not enthused enough to seek out and review their school? Just asking is all...Now for Cal - the ONLY one-star review is a freakin' mistake."omg. you can rate schools on here?"Honestly, read the reviews for Cal and see the spirit that place embodies. And if you're deciding between the two, Yelp reviews should tell you as well as anything else what the students think of their school. I think it's actually pretty cool that you can see these kinds of opinions in review form in one place. Go Bears!
wQWm0pZvB39yBPqLt93jVQ	I received cancer treatments at the Stanford Cancer Center for over one year. As an inpatient and as an outpatient. I was scheduled for dozens of appointments. On one occasion I waited four hours just to see the doctor. I was never able to talk to a doctor on the phone. Regretfully I don't like to say it but the work load on each doctor is so high the amount of quality care for an individual is fairly low. Good nursing and poor nursing has allot to do with this review as well. I had three treatment regimens that all failed which is not Stanford's fault. However if I have to live in misery let me spend it in a nice comforting and caring place. I received good caring treatment about thirty percent of the time, then OK treatment for thirty percent of the time and then very poor treatment for thirty percent of the time and ten percent of undefined treatment. I hope to find a hospital with a bit better service and expertise for the remainder of any treatments that I have to undergo.
G1B194N1KX42mEoiJZmP3w	Great Food Great Price
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Solid sandwiches worth waiting in solid line?
cTHvB1avJo4JrrtBHID4Dw	Awesome sandwiches.
urg4WkUTxeE_6n4SvJ8Zxg	Taste... not really anything new. It's just like food that you can buy from a warehouse and heat up on a stove.Ordered the grilled chicken breast sandwich for 6-7 bucks. No real taste. Bread was mediocre. Salad wasn't special.
mZBwEijHmWFTyPktVBLEEw	Great location on campus, horrible service. I came here for lunch and ordered a Caesar salad added with chicken and a side of bread. What I got was a small Caesar salad with no chicken and no side of bread. When I brought this to the server's attention, they gave me a blank stare and told me they don't have bread (despite the fact that they make sandwiches) and that I must not have ordered the right salad if I wanted chicken. Rather than trying to accommodate my needs, they completely ignored them. Crunched for time, I decided to eat the salad anyway, leaving still hungry and dissatisfied :-/
CU0Xfpwb-d9SBewau_4nJQ	This is the worst day ever, because I've just discovered that MoonBean's won't be around anymore. The coffee..the mochas...this cafe was my first love. Every time I had to deal with some college BS, I would treat myself to MoonBeans. Stupid lecture that you can't miss? MoonBean's. Really long annoying critique? MoonBean's. Just screwed up on a CS or Econ exam? Uh oh hot dog, MoonBean's. R.I.P. the espresso, the awkward dates, the music, the European grad students...
qOz2eZVj98hQPHXDK85biA	My go-to on-campus eatery when I have out-of-town visitors and want to show them the best of Stanford!  The location, if you can score a lunch table out on the patio, is unbeatable (cypresses and a Rodin sculpture garden).  The food is consistently fresh (they make a point of sourcing local and organic ingredients) and delicious -- I particularly like their curry chicken salad sandwich.  Certainly not the cheapest option around but a decent value (compared to other on-campus eateries) given the quality of ingredients used.
_WBym43zxMEVxqf9aWuezQ	To those who refer to this wonderful woman as a "nazi": For Shame! She serves us amazingly good home-style Thai food at cheap prices, and keeps the ridiculously long lines moving so quickly and efficiently that we can still always have time to come here for lunch, in spite of its crazy popularity. I know its just slang, but equating someone who feeds you well with genocidal monsters just isn't right.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	When this place moved into Stanford's Y2E2 building I was skeptical.  It's a tiny place, the only food and more importantly caffeine source in such a big academic building, how will it keep up?  It turns out this little cafe that could will puff along just fine!  Full of a spirit that definitely generates more than the Venezuelan estate coffee it serves,  Coupa Cafe has the population at Y2E2 firmly entranced!  The cafe is packing through out the day.  You know you're close to Y2E2 by the numbers of passersby holding Coupa Cafe cups. International music verberates from the place almost constantly along with a vibe and an energy that is youthful and down-to-earth.  The salads are scrumptious, the coffee will get you going at the first whiff and the staff is fun. Coupa Cafe is a nice addition to Stanford.
VCT8n098BMGopQqlP57EQg	Menage a Trois is yummm.  Stanford location is nice, except for no parking.  Best to ride a bike here.  Lots of nice places to sit and eat, inside or out.Use the iPad app to order ahead and avoid the drama.
TiD1JrLX-LiCdQabMwj4Fg	i'm not one for froyo, but it fun to try one made from soyit's equally light as regular froyo with the soy flavoring but not as tartis it me or does the soy-ness make it seem somehow "healthier"?! ;pflavors are standard: 5-6 to choose fromtypical toppings range from cookies & candies to mochi and fruitBUT. they do distinguish themselves with the HUNKY CHUNK of valrhona chocolate (fresh shavings as toppings anyone?)~*~haha~ the service was good . the dessert was yuM . stop by during the hot summer days*bonus* sign up for their loyalty program and you get to accumulate points digitally . good for the green and addicted ;pps. i tried their blue bottle...straight black....good but perhaps i had high expectations from the ravings i wasn't particularly in awe =T
vk6ItYMwuav2lJ_OM00FHA	You've heard of value stocks. Thai Cafe is one of them. This is the pure value play. Good food at bargain prices. Chicken sate is what I usually get and its $6 even. The lady at the cashier is known as the Thai Nazi because she'll remind you of the soup nazi in Seinfeld. It's pretty hilarious though. Sriracha sauce is available to add some kick to your food. Thai tea here is in a can so it's only as good as that company makes it. This place is sort of like a lunch truck placed inside the basement of the Stanford psych building. Go check it out if you're ever on campus. They're open from 11-2pm and only take cash.
TXTg2Q1mnf_kbewJs2XhPA	The first time I went here, I made the mistake of asking for "extra lemon."  I got stared down for a long, cold three seconds before the Thai Matron released her hold on me and generously ignored my foolish request.  The Thai Cafe is awesome, but you have to know the schtick.  Decide what you want when you're at least 5 people back from the cash register, have your cash ready, and don't even THINK about asking for a modification.  My favorite is "Peanut Sauce Noodle Salad," which contains lettuce, rice noodles, green onions, shrimp, and--if my level of addiction is any indication--generous helpings of crack.  It's served cheaply, freshly, and in the blink of an eye.  And since there are a zillion great places to eat outside at Stanford, it's a great choice for a sunny day.  Oh yeah--and they don't use earth-ravaging Styrofoam anymore, so YAY to that development.I just wish there was an option to have Peanut Sauce Noodle Salad with chicken instead of shrimp.  Ah, well.  A girl can dream.
lwN4azrslas0kekyugbSAQ	The prices are outrageous. There are no nutritional values listed. Portions are small and skimp on protein. The salad bar is constantly running out of things -- they're pretty much always out of chicken. The seating area is always messy, with garbage left sitting on the tables for long periods of time. Condiments, utensils,  water fountains, tray pickups, tray drop offs, etc. are all laid out in very inconvenient ways. Lines are extremely long during peak hours. They don't seem to have appropriate staffing, preparation, and processes to deal with these very predictable customer patterns, which is amazing given that this cafe is run by a business school. Some food items require complicated order forms which are thrown into messy piles and handled at random.They give out annoying punch/discount cards which earn you a $10 discount after ~20 meal purchase. It's very frustrating to have to carry this flimsy paper card around and pull it out, over and over, and it slows down the long lines. This discount system is essentially a tax on everyone but the most devoted deal-seekers / card carriers among us.There is a coffee shop located in the rear of the cafe. Good luck finding someone who mans it. It is almost always empty. You usually have to call someone from another place to tend to the station. The whole ordeal takes several minutes. I've pretty much given up, and so have most other Arbuckle patrons.On Thursdays, they have outdoor barbecues. Strangely, you have to go inside, wait in line once to obtain a paper voucher, then go outside, and wait in once more to obtain your food. Surely, in Silicon Valley, at Stanford, there are some  mobile technologies that can better handle this.On the positive side, I will say that the look-and-feel of the place is very nice. Arbuckle is spacious with high ceilings and abundant indoor and outdoor seating. The location is fantastic.
T6jCRh9Qi6bzAp-TG2Duvw	Honestly, this place is hit or miss, as the menu changes every week.There's the panini, Mexican, Asian, pasta, grill, pizza, side, and salad mixing sections, along with a general salad bar.The salad bar's the most consistent thing there. I usually get a general spinach salad with fresh mixed balsamic and some shredded parmesan cheese. It's priced by oz, so the roasted mushrooms and other luxuries are only once in a while. Salad's usually three bucks.I've had damn good stuff at the other sections, and shitty stuff in those sections the following week.- Best was probably the catfish po'boy, with standard fixins and spicy remoulade, along with sauerkraut since it was late in the afternoon, and he had leftovers from the burgers XD- Worst was the gyro salad and the "ultimate grilled cheese." Gyro meat was bland as hell, yet was very mushy and had a lot of fat compared to actual Greek stores. The salad was also filled with a ridiculous amount of olives. As for the grilled cheese, the mix of brie, blue, and goat cheeses JUST DON'T MIX!!!!!I'll stick to my salad. It's decent enough for lunch, but nothing spectacular overall.
zneyq52ORY7BPF5vCsxZWQ	Arbuckle Cafe has moved to the new Knight Management Center at 655 Knight Way. The location is a very nice place. There is both indoor and out door facilities. The Indoor facility is full of light as opposed to the old location's cave like feel. They also have more to offer in the way of food. However, though they still seem to use fresh ingredients, most of the food is mediocre. In addition, their prices have become a little outrageous. I used to be able to buy a large salad for $5.29, now the charge for the same size is over $7, plus a 25 cent surcharge if you want to use a to-go container. It is understandable they may have new prices due to cost overhead for operating in the new location, but they have skimped on the offerings in the salad bar vs what they used to offer there, and the price has increased far too much. The same situation has happened with the deli sandwiches.
STrEKl_qNjJlZsdU24F3ZQ	I have been a member of SFCU for about 7 years and have nothing but praise to share. On more than one occasion  SFCU contacted me to warn me that my account was in danger of being overdrawn. I was able to transfer funds to cover the balance with out being charged a fee. On another occasion I was having problems with DMV, they lost my payment for a parking ticket which resulted in the DMV putting a hold on my car registration, SFCU staff investigated the entire incident for me and solved my problem.  I shutter to think how many hour I would have been on hold at the DMV! The staff is always polite and helpful. It really is a company that works for the customer. Thumbs up!
PUjQCUBHcyxJ0PimblvOkA	I've been working in corporate jobs since graduating college, and as many of my colleagues and fellow 9-to-5ers can attest, it's tough finding a good sandwich! I've been to a fair share of delis in the Bay Area, constantly on the search for a sandwich that was more than just a barrier to my stomach eating itself during the day. I believe my search for the best sandwich ended just a few weeks ago when my girlfriend brought me to Ike's.Now being located in an Engineering building in Stanford is an obvious barrier to entry for us non-students, but if you work or go to school here (or are fortunate enough to have access to the other two locations in the Bay), it's a spot you have to try.Having been there twice, I've had the opportunity to try the Spiffy Tiffy and the Superman. The Spiffy Tiffy was very Mediterranean - pesto, mushrooms, provolone on chicken, it was light yet packed with flavor for a sandwich of its size (yes, the full size is BIG!) I viewed it as an ideal mid-summer picnic all rolled into a sandwich. Delicious!The Superman on the other hand, was an angioplasty in a bag. I talked myself into ordering it thinking, "Hey, I'm really hungry. This is a late late lunch. And it could be worse, the Super Challenge is supposedly three bouts of madness in between bread, the Superman sandwich itself can't be that bad." I painfully underestimated the Superman. When the cashier handed me the bag with my sandwich in it, I thought there was some mistake, that I got a sandwich for free. Nope, it was just the Superman cut in half - basically each half was larger than one of the normal full-sized sandwiches. The sandwich itself had to weigh at least 5 pounds as it was stuffed to the brim with deli meat, veggies, and Ike's delicious spread. Despite my initial surprise, I was able to enjoy the sandwich - the first 15 bites or so were delicious, and I was still feeling quite confident in my ability to finish both halves. Once again, my eyes were certainly bigger than my stomach. I made it a third of the way through the second half when my appetite slammed into a brick wall. I was Thanksgiving-full but worse, I didn't have much for sides to help my stomach expand like I would with Thanksgiving turkey, it was mostly dense deli meat! With my tail between my legs (and to my girlfriend's chagrin), I took the walk of shame back to our car, to-go bag in hand.Despite the ensuing meat sweats and lethargic slouching for the rest of my day, I still have nothing bad to say about Ike's. It is on the pricier-end for deli sandwiches, but I do feel the quality is worth it. The huge lunch lines go to show I'm not the only one that feels that way either. Just make sure to ask about the sandwiches before you order since it's not a sign of weakness to get half a sandwich, or at least I keep telling myself that...
CNdJaOdUjLIceVxhWcMNRA	The Cool Cafe has become a favorite daytime date spot for my wife and me.  Its casual indoor/outdoor location here in the Cantor Arts Center is tough to beat... and the salads and sandwiches from Jesse Cool meet the same high standards she sets at Flea Street Cafe and JZ Cool Eatery.  We used to come here regularly for leisurely weekend lunches when we were just two; it is also one of those rare places that still works for us with little kids, as the large adjacent lawn and scuplture garden provide a fun but safe place for them to frolic while we relax.
faI4ufIVH1m7EOFV9m2rVA	You can get a good lunch here without too long of a wait (compared to Ike's).  I usually show up around 12:30, when the line is shorter.  I never tire of the Cuban pulled-pork sandwich here, and highly recommend it.  The soup of the day is usually good too.  For a vegetarian option, the mozzarella, pesto, and tomato sandwich is delicious.Drinks are a bit pricey, though if you get the iced tea you can keep refilling the cup all day.
_g7HODSUCPsFNdkYJVAihQ	Eating at the Cool Cafe must be complemented by a trip to the Cantor Arts Center (yes, I'm a long time member so I biased).  The museum is open late on Thursday nights, what a perfect date or personal outing adventure.  Go check out the rotating contemporary exhibit (and the antiquities of course) and then treat yourself to a glass of wine (from the local Santa Cruz mtns of course) and an organic (DELICIOUS) meal.  The best part is that you can sit outside to enjoy this all and look over the Rodin sculpture garden.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	CLOSE.  CONVENIENT. What else do you need?i work at the GSB, just a block away and when I rented a car on campus and realized that there was ZERO fuel in the fuel tank, I drove to the only place I knew of to get gas in the hood.Totally pricey, but the convenience was worth it.
hOgYVSjpYPlQCh-xGZXP8Q	As far as campus food is concerned, it's the best. Beats Tressider fast food by a mile. Their salads are HUGE and zesty, and I get the breakfast burrito at least once a week since it's filling and the salsa's tasty. Probably not the place to get a junk food fix, but if you're gonna eat out regularly, better that you do it at Bytes than anywhere else on campus.They're slightly pricey, but that's cuz they mostly make your food to order rather than scoop it out of a tub that's been sitting there for hours.Also, there's a half hour gap between the breakfast and lunch menus at 11am, which can be annoying if you didn't get up early enough to go to breakfast, rush to a 10am class and are hungry afterward.
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Pretty good, nice crepes
v1OTTmKvFTu6xcFhfgcckw	You haven't experienced a true sandwich until you experience Ike's Place!!  Large Matt Cain with jalapeno poppers is unbeatable (mmmmm Godfather sauce).  Shame on people for downgrading their reviews due to a long line and ingredients running out.  To me, those are indicators of a place that serves something yummy that people are willing to wait for.  And, if you don't want to wait, CALL IT IN!  Overall, although a bit pricey, Ike's Place delivers.Minus one star for axing the free fruit/chips!
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	I was so giddy when I found out all the construction at Tresidder was going to be a Starbucks. I went this morning and wow, what an upgrade to the way that dining area used to look. It's a full service Starbucks. They take Starbucks cards and will be taking Cardinal dollars soon (Fraiche doesn't take Fraiche gift cards so they can accept Cardinal dollars). This morning, they were very well staffed and everyone was happy to be there. The best thing is that I can walk there from work in less than 5 minutes. I can forsee it getting super crowded when the students return though, so I'll have to stick to off-peak hours when I visit.
xeyP7KJH5WZRa4TsCqWEjw	Pros:- Sandwiches and chips tastes great.- Many sandwiches to choose from.- Also serves Halal meat.- Vegans can eat here :)Cons: - Location is confusing to find and hard for the public (people who don't attend Stanford University) to get to..- 40+ minutes wait in line to ORDER- 20+ wait to get sandwiches...- The customer service was "just not there"..- I got extras in my sandwich which i was charged for but didn't get it in my sandwich..- Prior to coming in, i have read other yelpers review about this place and saw how long the wait is so i wanted to call in and order but NO ONE answered the phone?!... and I attempted to call 3 times..Sorry Ike's, I just don't have enough time to wait an hour plus for your sandwiches.. i understand that it gets jammed packed busy, but maybe opening more locations would really help? For now.. i won't be back or eat at Ike's until a bigger and new location opens..
yTH3DpJNziMh7Ma2YiGzDw	If nothing else, their breakfast sandwiches make this place worthy of a visit. Post-practice, nothing beats 'em!!
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	Nestled in the midst of tall oak and redwood trees, Frost Ampitheatre is a hidden gem on Stanford Campus with comfortable grassy seating and great acoustics. Family friendly, yet romantic if you choose. Cuddling up while listening to some bad salads (what Seal calls sad balads lol) are the best. My 2nd favorite concert venue in the Bay Area! (Mountain WInery being the best.)
ku8rz9y31569Y2-kAuTxjQ	To get to the bookstore you have to be on foot or bike, and I want to dock them a star for the inconvenience, but exercise isn't so bad, right? I like books, and they have a lot of them, butwhat I really enjoy is watching the proud parents and alums stock up on Stanford mugs, car decals, and dog leashes. Every dog should have a collegiate leash, no? The magazine section is read over and well stocked...I doubt they'd care if you browsed for hours. I love my art magazines, and they have most of 'em: Juxtapoz, ArtForum, Art in America, which isn't the case with the big newsstand off University Ave.  It's also a good place to have a coffee and sandwich--the Parisienne (turkey, cheese, and butter on a huge baguette) is a really good deal at $4.50.
XXKNeL2KnM-HNNaiBo8FQQ	These guys are great, super friendly, know what they're doing, and don't overcharge. They mixed up something small once and didn't charge me for the repair. Stanford is lucky to have them around.
EuIh4hwfMCxO05BilHhRrQ	Stanford University is amazing. The bookstore? Not so great. Good: coffee for 50 cents, big selectionBad: merch is really overpriced
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	I like Subway. I like Subway sandwiches.Given the prior two bits of info, this is a reliable Subway franchise joint.I like the staff here.I like that they're open for dinner....but this outpost *never* does any of the deals that other subways do. 5 dollar footlong?  Sounds great for a student....but Stanford's Subway is too good to participate.  No deals for you, even though you're paying more than you'll ever make in loans!How 'bout you give a little back to the community that's kept you for many years, Stanford Subway?Also, sometimes when it's busy they don't open up the second line and it takes a significantly long time to get your food.Something about the management, I'm guessing, is what makes me leave this Subway with a :( :( :( face.  That's right, three sad faces worth of sad on *one* human face!I'll go back, but to be honest I've never had a hesitation about eating at a Subway joint before this one.
KuvzKejeCzG34wPfZ8GOtw	I am just not that into waiting in long ass lines for anything these days.  I went to this Ike's the first week they opened - at that time, they only served full sandwiches, and they automatically came with chips and a piece of fruit.  I really liked that.  The sandwiches were also so obviously fresh and delicious.Now, however, I feel like it's gone downhill.  You do have the choice of ordering a full or half sandwich (which I appreciate) but they no longer give you a bag of chips and a piece of fruit along with it, which is really a bummer.  Also, after you wait forEVER for your sandwich, the bread is generally soggy.Overall, it's good, but I think it's more trendy than genuinely fantastic. :(
FAArGkbd6l3t73uR-jfw_Q	The prices for study snacks here are reasonable. I like the lemon bars, the filling is almost as good as homemade and the crusts (top and bottom!) are better.
zy2cNfG4lLE3SlY9p2OL-A	It was kind of a bummer to be cooped up on a hot Saturday from 8-5:30pm .. with only a 10 min break in the am/pm and a quickie for lunch.   Auditorium was comfortable... orchestra and balcony seating ... good and ample lighting ... perfect for an academic symposium and venue.On a hot Saturday, I spent an entire day among my fellow geeks, in the uber geek symposium, the Singularity Summit:http://sss.stanford.edu/where/memorialauditorium/Very interesting to hear the multifaceted fields in technology, science, artificial intelligence, conceptual and practical applications of the emerging technology.  It was quite overwhelming, I would admit, but nevertheless satisfying.  Best part was the conclusion where the panelists addressed the Q&A section; there was fluidity as the speakers interacted with each other and engaged the audience.Lunch was a brownbag sandwhich by the fountain floor, gazing at the sun while attempting to digest the lecture of each speaker.I was too initimidated by the presence of all these thinkers; authors of books that sit on my shelf ... such as Singularity is Near, Godel Escher and Bach, etc;  I was struck by sudden shyness and refrained from getting their autographs.Now I regret it, they would have been a fun addition to my collection of signatures by intellectual authors (ie Eco, Briane Greene).
5GxNsVLVXqK29D1oBNIRXA	Thumbs down on the new service cuts (March, 2011).  They're spinning it as "reducing emissions, increasing efficiency," but they've eliminated Line A and effectively removed all connectivity between the Stanford Shopping Center and front campus.  A big step backwards.
LkDhytbQIlajc0e_qO52ig	My cheese on my cheeseburger wasn't melted.  This meant that the burger was lukewarm.
cmAHVj0b5Wz5Tun6Op0ksw	I got tea and a wrap with a side salad. The tea cost about half as much as the wrap.  Weird pricing.  Nice location and lots of seats. The bathroom is also very large and very very very clean.
BPkM2rnhMO68Le6Xs-7eVg	For any student heading to class in the early AM Jamba Juice is the place to get a little boost to keep you awake for your class.  The place was so convenient, the Peach Pleasure became a daily habit I had to kick after a while.At times the line can get outrageously long
Ji2Lh2ibzc827RRD7FgT-g	I always get the 1/2 soup & 1/2 panini combo. All for $5, you can't beat it. Most of their soups are tasty, but the paninis are just OK -- Get the Mediterranean chicken.
2PYxmh4hYRo6Mfc1WniqIw	Came here for the Bank of the West Classic and had a decent experience.  The venue was great, I love Stanford and it is so beautifully spacious up here.  Alas, there were no signs and no directions on how to park so I missed the first couple games of the match, which is a big problem for me.  We parked in the "boonies" about a half mile to the Center which I thought was ridiculous considering there was an empty space (about three football fields) that was not even being used right in front of the center.  Not a fan there....Apparently the Senior Games (equivalent of the Olympics for seniors) was going on that weekend so it was butt-ass crowded.  Overall it was a nice day, I loved watching Venus play, even though she lost.  Get some signage and improve the parking situation PLLLLLEEEAASSSSEEEE!!!Thank you and enjoy your three stars!
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	Quick, fresh-tasting smoothies... perfect on a hot day; easy to bike with.  Conveniently located in the Student Union.I'm always jealous of the students I see, sipping on their fruity, juicy, yogurty treats.  Finally, I treated myself to a Mango Mantra, and remembered everything I used to love about Jamba Juice in middle school... When I got the Jamba card that I just used as a Christmas present stocking stuffer.Plus, they've started making some healthier concoctions, started offering solid food as well, they've become more up-front that some of their recipes are "meal replacements." They offer smaller sizes and post their calorie counts right on the menu.  I remember (again, in middle school), flipping through the nutrition information booklet they had in the store, then promptly ignoring all the disappointing content it had to offer... No more! It is possible to make healthy choices at Jamba! Hoo-rah!
aSUmRlQxraEBVRnhpx9l9w	Coffee refills (aka. when you bring your own cup) are $1.00 now instead of 50 cents. SAD PANDAS. Vanilla hazelnut coffee, I will miss you dearly, but I know I'll still probably end up coming to get you anyway.On the plus side, the grill is back! "Cash only" makes it kind of annoying, but eh, it's cheaper than at Nexus and comes with chips, so I guess I shouldn't complain. They say they don't grill buns, but I saw them do it for someone last week...tl;dr: Stop increasing the prices, Lutticken's.
NnL6HUNY9ckb9mSbTGkjOg	Love this Ike's even more than the one in San Francisco, because I don't have to call in ahead of time so I can have my sandwich 3 hours later. That being said, the wait is still bad, just not THAT bad. I waited for about 20 minutes at lunchtime. As for their sandwiches, they're as good as the original. Spiffy Tiffy = Excellent. Ike's could easily become my favorite Stanford eatery.
GqzoKYXv6F1O85bhywyoSA	For a campus cafeteria,  I wouldn't mind going here more often!!  I love the whole greeen theme and it made me so lost because there were so many choices in food!  I kept going back and forth, back and forth, not knowing what to get!  I decided on getting the fish sandwich which consisted of lime juice and pesto.. It was surprisingly delicious!!! It was a total of $7, which is a bit steep but hey as long as it was good, I am a-okay with it!They have a full salad bar, with almost everything possible and it looked very fresh, in addition to their salads made by the chefs.  There are plenty of choices for hot/cold sandwiches, pastas, pizzas, and salads.  The lines to pay go by very quickly.. Efficient and fast for those short lunches that we have!Plenty of seats, even though it gets packed fast!  There are also additional seating outside if needed... Very convenient for the staff members at the hospital that are tired of hospital cafeteria food!
a0G4ZMN2jScFevRzzLafCw	The only thing I dislike about this station is when I drive far away from its signal and it turns to static.A special high-five to Holt at Eclektronik Groove -- particularly when he brings in guest drum and bass DJs -- even though I'm kinda bummed the show moved from Thursday to Monday. I looked forward to my drives to work on Thursdays; listening to loud techno in the early a.m. is an acquired taste.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	It took some time for me to get to the newest addition of the varied food choices inside Tressider. There is almost always a long line in front Fraiche Homemade Organic Fresh and Frozen Yogurt. On the odd day that I was finally able to walk up to the counter and place my order, my expectations were pretty high. Thinking about all of those souls in all of those lines I'd see in recent weeks, I placed my order ---a junior-sized Chocolate yogurt with coconut on it (the yogurt is bland, you will want to put a topping on it). I wish I could say it was worth the wait. First of all, this stuff is expensive! I paid nearly $5 for a junior size with one topping. When you correlate that with the primary population of the customer base at the Stanford location, college students, this is not only a hefty price, it may explain why the lines are waning at Fraiche.
BPkM2rnhMO68Le6Xs-7eVg	I rated this in my review of Stanford golf course accidentally.  You can only hit off mats as the nice lush grass stares you directly in the face.  The balls are so-so and the mats are pretty worn.  Last time I was there you had to by the plastic Tee, which I thought was outrageous.If you can make you way over to where the golf teams practice and hit balls there you will be a happy camper.  Nice putting and chipping area and you get to actually hit of grass.The range is nice for a college campus I just can't stand the fact that you have to hit of mats.  Oh and they might have one of the smallest crappiest practice putting greens I have ever seen.
ckQyi6cnOyLE1LWrfn-qww	Mon-Thurs: 7:30am-10pm, Fri: 7:30am-6pm, Sat: 11am-6pm, Sun: 11am-10pmThis snack bar tucked between Meyer and Green libraries serves coffee, smoothies, and snacks. They also sell packaged coffee beans. For a breakfast treat, try an apple croissant ($2), a delicate puff pastry wrapped around perfectly spiced fruit and dusted with powdered sugar; get there early, they run out by 10AM usually. You can skim the Stanford Daily and people-watch from the outdoor tables while you enjoy gourmet coffee.
3okrWrDZxfMrF3_thV3Kmg	Came here after work yesterday to watch the Sharks game, grab a bite and enjoy a pint. The menu seemed to be similar to that of the Coho and Treehouse though it had some additional Curry and Mongolion beef type items. Beer and wine is served. The two tv's made it convenient for those who wanted to watch different games as well.I'll more than likely come back here for lunch or after work occassionally when I don't want to travel all the way to the Coho.
TbjFvek74Qrg7qAuxZ9OPw	This is a disaster. Never ever go here. Oh wait. If you're considering this, that means you live at stanford, so you'll pretty much be here every night. SHUCKS BUSTER!!!
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	No more pizza, but now a sushi bar.The sushi bar is actually surprisingly good.  The rice was the perfect texture, the fish was fresh, and they actually even use real shiso leaves for decoration.  The prices are definitely on the slightly higher end of the sushi price range.They're obviously still working out how to make the service run smoothly, because our order came out quite slowly.Food quality is better-- but I'm wondering if it's a trend that it's good at the beginning of the school year and declines as the year goes on...We'll see how it all turns out.
TXTg2Q1mnf_kbewJs2XhPA	Vaden is really pretty decent.  They make appointments quickly, and typically don't make you wait hours and hours.  They're also good about referring you to specialists if necessary.  I've seen a lot of different folks at Vaden, and my favorites have been Dr. Laurel Dawson, and Jan Jenson (NP).  Both are super friendly, will actually *remember* things about you, answer all of your questions thoroughly, and *listen* to what you say.The only bad experience I've ever had at Vaden was with Patricia Blevins, who I think is a NP.  She was *terrible*: rude, and basically ignored what I was saying.  I won't make appointments with her.  If no one else is available that day, I'll wait an extra day.Other parts of Vaden are filled with great people.  The guy at the front desk is totally nice, the pharmacists are helpful and funny and knowledgeable, the lab guy has such goofy humor that you can't help but laugh, and the physical therapists are terrific (especially Chris).Sure, I have some complaints, but they're all dwarfed by the good things about Vaden...  and the unbeatable price.
PxV3K67lusm0RCUj3wqUOQ	Olive- you have one less customer as of today. Went at 1pm during summer. It was off peak hours and without most students on campus and service was still slow and unfriendly. I ordered the felafel plate. To my dismay, I see that it is just a bunch of iceberg lettuce with a small helping of hummus, for the ridiculous price of $6.75. No tomatoes, no baba ganoush. It was a complete rip off. I will never come to this restaurant again because I think the prices are unfair and the staff unfriendly and dishonest.
4b6saCX_1wl4cXZgmzMg8g	Stanford rules!  Cal sux.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	I am SO happy that there is now a Fraiche on the Stanford Campus!! The yogurt is completely homemade and organic. Now I don't have to go all the way to University Ave and can just hop down to Tressider! I always get the fat-free natural yogurt with pomegranate and kiwi toppings. This place also brews Blue Bottle Organic Coffee but I'm not sure if it is available yet...I will have to check on this!
DuM-D6Y8qV4-_4Qd009iXA	I recently saw Dr. Most for a rhinoplasty.  Making the decision to have the surgery was easy, but choosing a reputable surgeon proved to be a difficult task.  After consulting with two other surgeons, I finally met Dr. Most and was instantly impressed by his professionalism and qualifications.After the consultation, I booked the surgery for two months later (advice: if you are considering Dr. Most plan to book at least 1-2 months in advance, as his schedule tends to fill up rather quickly!).  When the day arrived I was excited and felt that I was in good hands.  In particular I would like to thank Lorna, the nurse who was there for me through surgery and post-operative care, she was an extraordinary help.  The operation took around 2.5 hours and I felt fine afterwards -- didn't even have any problems with nausea.  Over the course of the week, I saw very little bruising, although I still had some facial swelling.  After my cast was removed, my nose looked great -- front-on it was still very swollen but the profile looked fantastic.  After another 2 weeks the swelling went away to the point where it wasn't noticeable to anyone but me.At one month post-op, I am extremely pleased with the outcome -- what I see now looks like what I imagined the "final product" would be, and I know that it can only improve from here on out!Thanks to Dr. Most for being a great surgeon.  I feel that Yelp is a good way to hear about real recommendations, and I am happy to add my own positive feedback for Dr. Most at Stanford.
gWkm64c7PRsBlqY011DIkA	Words can't describe it. Carlos you are the MAN for making the party awesome and the drinks flow non-stop.. First reviewer on Yelp I see! I'll try to leave a more detailed something later, but suffice it to say Carlos is a great guy but a fantastic bartender.
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	For as much as I think I love Fraiche, I don't go there more than once or twice a quarter despite the convenient location, so how much could I really love it? The yogurt is absolutely delicious. My favorite is natural flavor with granola and honey, so as you can see I don't really take advantage of the complex topping offerings, though I've tried and enjoyed several and would recommend many of them. If you haven't tried honey on your yogurt before, you definitely should - that was hands down the best discovery I made my freshman year at Stanford.My only complaint is that the yogurt is pricey (though not really above average for this style of yogurt) and that there's often a long line and mediocre service. Otherwise, definitely worthwhile and delicious.
WJfNVm4mXXDt1Vakg13CpA	Got the speciality golden beet arugula spinach salad. The dressing and salad was absolutely delicious. I DEFINITELY recommend ordering it!
qF2FczksPr9dASFcYnAiBQ	Welcome to the greatest university in the world.  Friendly people, beautiful campus, the greatest college athletics program in the nation...oh, and I guess the academics there are pretty ok too.If you don't get admitted, there's always Berkeley to fall back on...
vko6eWqlhiZwMHLb-786dQ	There are two items worth getting. Peanut sauce salad and pork salad. They are fresh and delicious with just the right amount of sauce and protein. I find the curries way too sweet, so avoid them unless you are a fan of cloying food.Service is incredibly fast, and I find the lady to be extremely friendly and courteous!
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	I've had less-than-becoming food outside of this Stanford eatery; unlike some folks' experiences here, I don't feel so much on the bad side about the food. However, the service still seems to be a struggle here, even with the upgraded pager-system now in place. It just seems there are bottlenecks during peak hours of service that haven't been worked out. If you're in a hurry, move on to another campus eatery; other than that, there's a bunch of choices to be had at The Axe and Palm.
kje6blrP4fL3FHVqBq8yiQ	I was in need of a haircut and Stanford Hair did the trick.  I didn't need anything fancy - just a nice trim.  $18 for a basic men's haircut may be a bit more expensive than off-campus barbers, but the convenience was well worth it.
xLzCpIZGdOnKQStT1d8l6A	So i sent my husband to go get these sandwiches (pre-ordered) at stanford campus. He complained about how it was in the middle of Palo Alto and he had to go through lunch traffic (down town PA).  We couldn't even find the address on GPS.  Then he tells me that the people that made the sandwich were treating the sandwiches mean....who says that.  Anyways i was nervous that the sandwiches wouldn't be up to his par of Little Luca's but i got to say.....That was AWESOME!  I got the Elvis Kieth.  I wasn't really hungry but i got a small taste and in three minutes half my sandwich was gone.  Nice treat for the drive.I know ill be able to persuade him again to go there.
yRtajw-lGYoOXdOdfwV9hQ	Access to three hoop courts. $5.Martial arts classes or squash, same $5 access fee.One girl who LICKED the glass while looking at me. Priceless.In the spirit of full documentation...640pm- I'm getting in my Tuesday cardio workout by playing basketball755pm- I walk by the climbing wall (Yes, its a three story climbing wall)756pm- Am getting a drink758pm- We look into Karate and this girl looks at me and licks the effen glass.  Her friend slaps her.8:05- I walk my guy friends back and she doesn't repeat it (or make eye contact)Heterosexual harassment makes working out *fun*** Update **Jean W. said, "You'd pull a good amount of ass don't you"*************** Update Tuesday Night (one week later) **Worked out without any glass licking incident(s)*********************
uEEhdFeGBhLxm5FtofhrRw	Great place to look for books and such a welcoming atmosphere.
hP7mKqLv57veQKiFWvA0Dw	This place is just disgusting. Better than mcdonalds or bk, but barely.  Did you know the multigrain is actually mostly bleached flour with a few ppm of other grains and caramel food coloring? That's plain false advertising and gross.
ewzqGURnEp1GpxpAHn1pKQ	I want to thank the Stanford Legends Camp for the amazing weekend my son and his friends from his football team had!  They learned so much over 1 weekend it feels as if there was more than 2 days. They all walked away with a new confidence, determination to continue working hard, developed new skills, much better understanding about proper techniques (as well as what NOT to do) and what they need to do to hopefully one day play at Stanford (priceless).  The Stanford players/alumni/coaches also worked hard, took the camp and training the kids serious while having fun with the kids and sharing laughs.  During their talks with the kids they did not just promote football but achedemics, respect and character.  Amazing weekend for our kids and definitely an experience they will never forget!!
6IJvrFm0X3OTy6HoDWaLpg	I went here (for a masters degree), but don't remember anything...$50k later I call myself an alum.The campus is beautiful, the girls are not.
--T8djg0nrb_yMMMA3Y0jQ	bottom line: mixed opinions in my own mindon the one hand, i like the atmosphere and some of the food, namely the grilled chicken pasta (though i miss the crepes).  on the other hand, they rub me the wrong way by wanting to charge me $0.27 for a takeout box and not having great customer service.  from a working standpoint, power outlets are limited to the few tables along the wall and the rear counter, and the place gets packed quickly.  overall, this is a decent option if you want to grab some hot food and get a bit of work done or meet a friend.
Suw8tiW7EHWpt7HhuB7SDw	Dining "up on the hill"... when you want to get away from the usual hussle and bussle of the everyday Stanford eateries.The website is promising, maybe too promising, leading you to believe there's a gem hidden at the top of the golf course with a touch of class, just a touch.Drab colors fill the outdated dining room, not exactly luring you in. Seat yourself at a table with a sparkling view over the golf course and a friendly server will be with you shortly. Lunchtime favorites and staples fill the menu: curried chicken salad, toasted rueben, burger...Both the website and the waitress boasted the Niman Ranch burger. I'm sold. An option of fries, potato salad or fruit cup - the petite fruit cup stood lonely on the plate and the fries were your average soft on the inside, tender type (not for the crisp fry lover but plenty of ketchup is available to sauce things up). The tomato and onion were a little sad looking but all together the "toppings" held up. The bun, on the other hand, did not. Light as air, the sesame specked white fluff, collapsed under the weight and juices which were a'flowing. Sure, the beef is good. The burger is yummy but the sandwich as a whole needs a bit more attention.Catering to the golfers, already a captive audience, the ambiance may not be all that important.Lunch was fast and cooked as ordered. Going up the hill once in a while to soak in the view or a golf ball might be just what you need to break away from the norm, you just won't see yourself rushing back.
HrTXdduN9wbuxasd1w8toA	Despite being slightly costly, great food!
KFYn0bHk7fXA9xKVgvYMnw	Go see the Sculputre Garden. The place is free to get into...You have to see the Gates of Hell at least once.
dviPtjXu-AzbefzWExaxGA	I registered for 11am psych classes as an undergrad so that I could beat the lunch rush at this place (when it was still in the psych building).  I'd still go to extremes to have this woman, her kitchen, and her fake boobs transplanted to my work building.  Chicken Saute and Shrimp Noodle Salad were my favorites.  Sometimes I still hear her voice shrilly echoing through my head when I see "____ Noodle Salad" printed on any menu. The line moves at an incredibly fast pace, the Thai Nazi runs her business the way I think everyone should: No dilly-dallying allowed at the register.
72mAnQtBraFDh8ofWMpAKw	Believe it. My review is mainly for the ...stupid eggplant sandwich, which is hands down the best sandwich I've ever had. The first time I ate it, I almost cried it was so delicious. Seriously. The vegetarian and vegan offerings are plentiful. Parking is a bit of a pain in the ass since it's located on a college campus. But, don't let that deter you. Once you have a bite of Ike's, you'll wonder how you could ever wrap your mouth around another.
a5QS6g30nM4q2XFGP6Po9g	Since I eat here at least once a week I figured I should write a review. I'm going to give Lutticken's 4 stars (slightly generous...feeling nice today) because they are always there for me when I'm starving and they make big ass sandwiches that I can eat for lunch and dinner (granted the bread doesn't get soggy). My favorite is the Italian sub on the usual menu but lately I've realized that the specials on the window are the best sandwiches. I had an awesome bruschetta sandwich the other day with chicken, tomatoes marinated in whatever sauce you use to make bruschetta, balsamic, lettuce, etc. The BLT is real good too when you don't mind eating fatty bacon. I'd recommend always getting one of the rolls as your bread of choice because $7 for a regular sized square sandwich is SUCH a ripoff.Anyways, since I'll be here for a few more years, I will be trying more specials and building up that special bond with all the workers there. :)
q0HDybhT0V9dXrs63_WqWQ	These courts are kept in fantastic shape (obviously) and are a great place for watching the Bank of the West Classic. There is honestly no bad seat, and some bleachers are shaded others are in the sun, for those who prefer to tan and watch Serena Williams kick some butt.Parking on weekends is free and incredibly easy during the summer.
i-DWCn1Xk5-exHi0mBDO1g	I've only been here maybe 4 or 5 times since it's much too expensive for my lunch needs...and the food is only alright. I remember I had pho here once and that was TERRIBLE. Not even CLOSE to the real thing, which would've been fine, but it was not even delicious. Oh well. Good variety of food otherwise.I had a margherita pizza here yesterday and that was pretty good. Giant slice...I was like, "What? Is this one serving? Is this 2 slices or 1???"I do like how this place is really eco-friendly. There were like 5 trash bins for you to sort your trash into. I got confused, but appreciated the idea.Looks like mostly doctors and grad students that eat here. When it used to be Linx, they gave student discounts, but no longer. I was sad.For lunch I think I'd prefer Lutticken's or that Thai place in Jordan Hall, the one known as the soup nazi place. Oh, Treehouse in Tressider is awesome too, but maybe too far if you work in the Medical Center area...
mHK85nHULWvPe66xnynv_Q	I always fantasized about one day maybe becoming a student at Stanford University, and for a very brief moment when I visited last Tuesday I felt the bliss.But I will get to that story soon.I have previously visited Stanford before with my dad, and a few relatives and it was a very long time ago, pardon me for not being able to recall the moments from then. But as I went again, I was reminded, and awed at how nice the campus really is. From the roads, to the buildings, and all the grass fields, it looks more like a park rather than a school, and I wouldn't mind going there to hang out, provided they make parking a bit cheaper. Regardless as we walked around, everyone is so nice at Stanford, maybe I went on a good day but a few people said Hello, when I accidently crossed some students they didn't go ape and yelled at me, rather said sorry right after I said my sorry. What a nice campus.AND THEY HAVE AN ACTUAL STARBUCKS, not one of those stupid licensed Starbucks. On top of that they don't have the super strict refill policy, and they were really nice and quick behind the counter.Anyways to why I felt like I was apart of the school even if it was just a brief second.So as I drove in with my friend and walked around, we saw a lot of booths set up outside the student center, and for the love of me I didn't know what was going on until I saw one of the students lanyard that said "Stanford, Class of 2016" and by then I realized it was move in day... for freshmen. Now the bookstore was packed but the line moved quickly. As I approached the register, I was holding 2 lanyards and a pen (they're cheap but pretty pens so by all means ill take one) the lady behind the counter greeted me and asked if I found everything alright.Then it became an interesting conversation, one that made me feel like apart of the school."How's move in day for you?"---"Oh umm... well there is a lot of people..""well that tends to happen on move in day and the first day of class, don't worry though the crowds will die down"---"awesome""How do you like Stanford so far?"---"well I haven't started yet but we will see"As I finished paying, she wished me good luck with the school year, and I thanked her. I felt so special after. Lol.Maybe one day I will actually become a student.
lyhz77mZh7HfEg2032Vjug	Ike's Place is definitely my go-to place for great sandwiches. The portions are big, and the sandwiches are so tasty! I had my first Ike's sandwich at the SF location around New Year's, and couldn't stop thinking about them since. I was ecstatic to discover that there's a location in Palo Alto, since I live in Cupertino.The dirty sauce (delicious secret sauce) and dutch crunch bread make it worthwhile to drive 30 mins from Cupertino to the Stanford campus. My favorite is definitely the Matt Cain - roast beef, turkey, salami, godfather sauce, provolone, yum!! They also recently lowered their prices by $1, though you don't get the bag of dirty chips with the meal - still available for separate purchase.The only downside is that it's difficult to find because it's in the middle of the Stanford campus, inside the Forbes Family Cafe in the Engineering Center. There's currently construction going on around Via Ortega, so you have to drive from Panama St, and park at the parking structure there.The wait can be pretty long, so be sure to call in ahead of time and skip to the front of the line!
b2RS3hOiDLNzL_45R3UQvA	Overpriced, understaffed, mediocre food. I enjoy a few menu selections but (although I work in the building) I eat here as infrequently as possible. Example: pre-made salads (and even green salads served "fresh" with daily lunch) have old, brown and wilted lettuce in them. Side-dish vegetables appear to be used on a second day and are frequently limp and tasteless (actually that way on the first day too). While other people rave about the specialty coffee drinks, I find the coffee here very bitter and always get my coffee at Peet's on the way in to work. Also logistically it is very badly set up. Signs should be posted (probably just signs on stanchions) that indicate "purchasing line" and "order your food here" line, since they are two totally separate lines. I think it's great for visiting alumni, but as a regular lunch counter for workers, it leaves much to be desired.
thAVTXjNv-QFwWJzJQwJwQ	The whisper words are great fun, but paying $2.50 for a apple chausson (which I can get at Mi Pueblo for $0.75) is a bit too much. $3.50 for a hot chocolate makes it a luxury item too.
UGkmUKMCoBD_JtYOUsZMmg	I had a moderately sized (50 people) Christmas party at my place in Mountain View and decided I wanted a bartender. After doing some research, I stumbled across this company and was blown away by the reviews.  While Stanford's Bartender (SB) wasn't the cheapest, I decided to go with them and will now be a life long customer.The owner Carlos is a the epitome of a professional.  When I first contacted him, he walked me through competitive differences between SB and the other companies, set up process, and then sent me a proposal within 24hrs of our conversation.  I was really happy to hear that the price included EVERYTHING which covered purchasing of the alcohol, set up, bar tending, clean up and break down.At the event itself, I was lucky enough to get Carlos as the bartender since his staff was busy with other events.  He was amazing and the life of the party.  Something I hadn't anticipated is that a bartender is not only someone who pours liquor, but if done correctly can be a point of entertainment for everyone.  Carlos was that.  Friendly, courteous, knowledgable, funny. I can't say enough about him and I imagine his staff is the same since he's the type that demands perfection.  A small anecdote:  I am a HUGE boba/bubble tea fan and during the Christmas party, a few of my friends brought me 4 huge cups of boba.  I brought the boba to Carlos and instead of complaining that this wasn't on his menu, he took it like it was nothing and started serving the boba IN the cocktails. Asking people if they wanted any and how much? It was amazing to see him just adapt without complaint and that in itself turned into something that we still talk about today.Stanford's bartender was everything I could have asked for and more. I look back on my party with such fond memories and EVERYONE I know is asking me when the next event is.  Carlos didn't just provide bartending services, he provided an experience and for that I will never use anyone else.
Rhvt5HoMG7mayNd437Vm2w	The Stanford Bookstore is *EPIC.* It's got textbooks, Stanford paraphenalia, even a coffee shop. It's a bookstore with EVERYTHING. It's centrally located on the campus, and not that far from the famous Chapel. It makes for a pleasant afternoon.The religion/philosophy sections are okay, but all in all it makes a fun afternoon.
m6VbqnZ0Pq-mhjtQvoY65w	Initially excited to get my swell on in a school with great D1 athletics, the main weight room here leaves me sadly unimpressed. With no towel service and cubbies instead of lockers, I felt more pampered working up a schvitz in my hometown's rec room. ACSR does offer great facilities for more adventurous activities like rock climbing and a plushly matted dojo, but the basement-buried weight room is somewhat dated. It is outfitted with standard Life Fitness equipment and there are several nice squat racks for big lifts, but these unfortunately double as the only barbell bench area too (redeemed by extensive dumbbell selection). Cardio is also packed into the room, which means a lot of exothermic, sweaty bodies in a space that could already benefit from some additional ventilation or AC. 10+ benches/barbells are probably not necessary for the general population here, so perhaps I had unfair expectations. That said, I may just have to adopt more outdoor fitness on a campus that features beach volleyball and soccer games at every corner.
4jvkjUt2rw1Ow3yzMIcXdw	Ike's, I am giving you five stars despite the fact that I sat on hold for ten minutes only to be hung up on accidentally (it's cool, I'm patient), called back and was placed on hold again, ordered, battled for visitor parking in Parking Structure 2, lost and settled for parking in Parking Structure 1, walked .4 miles each way in the heat (this was actually good as it hopefully burned some calories before eating my amazing sandwich), and finally arrived covered in sweat and 20 minutes late to pick up my sandwiches. I ordered a CA BLT (I call them BLAT's) with jalapeno poppers on it instead of cheese. My boyfriend always gets the Rum Rum with double meat, and they've never batted an eyelash when we ask. This is key. Most places flip out a little if you try to customize your order to this extent.At the end of the day, it was worth everything I went through just to open the wrapper and have the extra bacon that didn't quite make it into the sandwich fly around like delicious confetti. I love that they are ridiculously generous with the meat and sauce on their sandwiches. Every time I eat one of their sandwiches it's like sinning for the first time.
hOPhxpCvB2bKjRoMG16OCw	AREPAAAAAAAS, this place is good!can you tell i enoyed the arepas? i haven't tried any of the other tantalizing dishes, but they looked equally satiating. the staff are also very kind and when we told them we were slightly rushes, they brought out our dishes promptly. sure, they can lower their prices, but it probably won't keep me from going back.
Wai7sl3HMm3iwbQGH8UshQ	Even if you're still in middle or high school, Stanford University (SU) is a wonderful place to learn and teach.  If you can afford SU's Summer Education Programs, that is.  SU offers educational opportunities for privileged middle and high schoolers and that means more college-application enhancement for the rich.  SU does consider "limited financial aid" for a few middle and lower income students admitted to their summer programs.  However, limited aid greatly limits who primarily benefits.  This coming summer, for example, SU is offering High School Summer College (with a nonrefundable $75 application fee, BTW) for "Residential Students - estimated total: $12,442 and Commuter Students - estimated total: $4,616."  For seniors in high school whose parents were able to foot the exorbitant bill, their applications to universities will have the accolade of a documented "official Stanford University transcript" along with their high school grades and SAT or ACT scores.  What a coup for the lucky few.  Of course, this is just a long line of head-starts (definitely not to be mistaken for Headstart) for the children of those who vote against funding public schools and line up to pay $32k+ per year for private k-12 education rather than participating in the betterment of their larger community in supporting local public schools.  Now that even our public universities have cost-to-parent-income ratios reminiscent of private schools prior to 1990, SU's shameless marketeering of k-12 education enrichment for the rich is just another reversal in the "fortunes" of middle and lower income Americans.  Worst of all, children who are full of possibilities are being set at even further disadvantage to their wealthier peers.  SU isn't waiting until college to enable social Darwinism.  Stanford's still leading the charge to concentrate wealth in the few by replacing opportunities for youth of all backgrounds for a free ticket for those whose parents can pay the fee.  Even an electrical engineer, President Hennessy, should understand the social implications of these policies for our future, hence the one-star rating for remaining a leader in social and economic injustice.
w-w-k-QXosIKQ8HQVwU6IQ	***Fraiche's frozen yogurt is good, but the selection of both flavors and toppings is limited at this small satellite location in a Stanford dining center; the toppings bar was also messy***This Fraiche Yogurt is located in a Stanford dining center.  There is a small selection of frozen yogurt, but the frozen yogurt is good.  I liked the good, light flavor (as well as the smoothness and creaminess) of the valrhona chocolate while the mango had both a mango flavor and a tartness.There was a limited selection of mostly healthy toppings.  I did not get any, but the toppings bar (the servers add the toppings) was a mess with dry and liquid toppings everywhere.I cannot recall the exact prices that well, but I remember them being reasonable enough for a sweet treat.  Service was fine.The frozen yogurt here is fine and seemingly healthy, but I imagine visiting a non-food court Fraiche location would be significantly more satisfying.There is visitor parking available at Stanford; parking rates are high.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	Mmmm, Fro-yo.  As some sort of health-nut/old-person who can't handle the sugar-content of "real" ice-cream, I love Fraiche's frozen yogurt.  This isn't the sort of FroYo that I met back in the Midwest, this is cold, sour, Greek yogurt.  It's awesome!Yes, you might say, I'm from California so I understand real FroYo.  What makes this different from everywhere else?  First, it is at Stanford.  So if you are at Stanford, like me, this is your option.  I'm rather happy with it.  Second, Blue Bottle Coffee.  So good!  They have an iced coffee that is incredible, and I don't usually like sweet coffee with milk.  Finally, the toppings here are good.  There are places that try to have 100 different possible toppings.  How fresh do you think they are?  Here they go for quality over quantity. The fresh fruit is great and they do a variety of sweet things as well - I like their homemade mochi topping.My biggest complaint is the menu.  It isn't easy to see what their list of toppings is to think about what you want before you order.  There will often be a line - Stanford students love their FroYo.
86pa5RwTvtS0seiKm414yA	Fantastic bookstore and more! The service impeccable, very pleasant extremely knowledgable. Worth the trip just to go to the bookstore.
ckQyi6cnOyLE1LWrfn-qww	Mon-Fri: 7:30am-9pm, Sat-Sun: 9am-9pmAmong the offerings of this Italian cafe are espresso drinks, bagels, pastries, homemade gelato, fresh pasta dishes, panini sandwiches, salads, tiramisu, and beer and wine. I've eaten here a few times with a friend who's an assistant professor in the Petroleum Engineering department. Terman Engineering Center in 2003 closed its venerable Nuts and Mud snack bar in favor of this bistro operated by Palo Alto's hot Caffe Riace Ristorante Italiano.
AF0HZckXXBKkJywKKtZtiQ	Stanford is a very beautiful campus, in fact, it might be the most beautiful campus I've ever been to. While the campus is massive and you can easily find yourself walking around it for hours, if you ever go to visit you must first go to Hoover Tower. For $2 per  person, you take an elevator to the top and there you have a breathtaking view of the campus and surrounding area (the university, palo alto, and even san francisco). There really isn't anywhere else to get a view as beautiful and peaceful.It's opened 7 days a day and the staff is very nice; the woman who was taking people to the tower in the elevator was very sweet giving us a history of the building.The ground floor has a cute little "museum" with things related to President Hoover that added a nice touch to the experience.It's a must!
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	If you've got a parking and transportation related question, Stanford P&TS has an answer - if not THE answer!P&TS does a superb job of providing top-notch customer service, very appealing incentives for those who choose to commute to the Stanford University campus using alternative modes of transportation, and competitve parking alternatives for those who choose to drive to campus.Their bicycle program is second to none among unversities in the USA.Their commute planning assistance program is an excellent resource.Their website is easy to navigate and provides customers online ordering options and other ways to avoid waiting in line at the P&TS office.P&TS collaborates with Enterprise Rent-A-Car and Zipcar to provide on-campus driving alternatives for those who do not have their own vehicle on campus.They offer free Marguerite shuttle service in and around campus as well as off campus to local train and transit hubs and a few other select destinations (e.g., San Antonio Shopping Center).The list just goes on and on....!!!
RIGOL8DnNLz-7prhDdP-EA	***CASH ONLY***Now because this is a location on campus, the review for this place is much higher than if it were a restaurant outside of Stanford.Everything is $6 (tax included) and drinks are $1 (again, tax included).Set menu for the week.Order, pay, and get your food from the window.  Seating is every man for themselves nearby.  They've since started using PAPER containers for the entrees (though still styrofoam for soups).Its a nice change from cafeteria food, but nothing mind blowing.  Like another review mentioned, it does seem to be much sweeter than it needs to be.  My favorite dish thus far would have to be the chicken curry, not a fan of the salads at all.  I still need to try the soups.
wCtf5_zG8EpWiBp_Oi7P0g	The only cool thing about this place is the $4 pints and the bar tender. That's literally about it.There is only one TV here really that I can think of so it isn't a great spot to watch any sports games, it isn't a full bar, so you can only have beer and wine (unless you play nice with the bar tender he may make you a soju cocktail with their secret stash ha ha), there are only a few tables, not really any decor at all, and definitely not a boppin' party spot either. I went here for an event for a prospective student weekend because they told us this is where all of the Stanford students go since it is on campus, but I think there were only 5 real students here, one of which was racist against me for not looking like my heritage. We got in a verbal fight here, and then luckily the bar tender was half white and half black too like I am and he sided with me and then kicked them out. Hence the shout out for the bar tender, and low rating on the bar....This bar basically deters me from the social life at Stanford.....i mean no hard alcohol??? really??? Obviously stanford kids don't know how to balance work and play as well as berkeley students do!!! :)
rhHvKILdT3wYowrO2IoOaw	Small and intimate... the seats are down-right uncomfortable, so try to bring something to sit on.Also, don't expect any beer at the concessions. :(
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	If you find fancy-pants organic food cool...
BPkM2rnhMO68Le6Xs-7eVg	If you go or have gone to Stanford how can you not 5 star the fountain.  Hung out here on way too many gorgeous days reading the Stanford daily and people watching.
OzU3uTiW1cq22iEEy8_TVg	The Marguerite is awesome like Tracy D. pointed out. It's free. You can check the real-time status of the buses online. It's free. They take you to most places that students/staff would need to go. It's free. BUT, it's still not that efficient. I could take the Marguerite to work, but it would take, from door-to-door, including a reasonable wait-time, 45 minutes to travel about 4 miles... so, minus one star for the Marguerite, because if most people are like me, they're lazy and like sleeping for an extra half hour every day.
lhtScJ_Z2Oh3518hCt-_Zw	They get an extra star since their pizza is good and it's only $2.95. Get there early though, they run out quick and don't make more until they run out.
R56bB8f0t7Qr9UsHiJTYlw	Just NOT nearly as good as the SF location, not even as good as Redwood Shores!  Not all Ike's are created equal!I ordered the Tony Soprano on wheat.  Actually, my friend ordered for me while I stalked people until someone pulled out of a parking space!  She stood in line for awhile, but said it only took 15 minutes for our sandos to come out.  Back to the Fat Tony, it was good, but NOT worth the parking and the wait.  I'm pretty sure there was none of the promised Italian dressing on my sandwich, and they were very skimpy with the dirty sauce.  The service was really good.  The server walked all the way across the floor to bring us our food, with a smile on his face, and then talked to us about how he created the Sunken Diamond (which my friend had ordered) and it won an award of some kind.  Since that was a veggie sandwich, I just wasn't that interested in what he was saying, but nice guy.  I'm sure there are other $10 sandwich places in Palo Alto that are this good.
fo2zSTdJGppYV0FqEQLS7Q	I wanted this to be my go-to bike shop. Sadly they just didn't measure up. I needed a full tune up for my late '70s Raleigh Sprite. When I took it in I stood around with the bike near the service desk waiting for someone to acknowledge my presence and perhaps even help me. It was about 10 minutes before closing and the people who weren't servicing bikes were busy bringing in signs and locking things up. Anything but help me out - the only customer in the store (this was back in June/July). Finally I got a guy's attention and he pawned me off on someone else who seemed like he'd rather do anything but fill out a little paperwork for my bike.The full tune up is supposed to include a frame cleaning. When I got my bike back it was filthy. I asked them to clean it before I paid. Some kid took a nasty grease rag and a spray bottle wiped off about 80% of the frame. What about the other 20%? I asked him to finish up, pointing out big areas with dirt . He took a few swipes at it, sighing in the process. I decided I would just finish it up when I got home. But I also decided I was done with this place. I'm glad other people have had better experiences, but
8rDoTAvdBGb4ur-zU34h-w	So, I don't like sandwiches. I really don't. I like bread and i like meat but i don't like them mixed in messy combinations, with one exception, IKE'S.I always get the same thing (Menage a Trois) unless I'm really feeling down (then I opt for If I Were Cute). The chicken on these sandwiches are amazing (usually i'm a turkey fan but not here) and ike's dirty sauce is like mayo on steroids. It's pretty easy to find a full listing of all the secret sandwiches so take a look at those too.This place isn't cheap; however, you never leave here hungry. Plus, there are ways to get half off if you're special like me.As for the location, it's Stanford! Huang is one of the cooler buildings on campus.
7mRomkIqfNnCqM29FdxFGw	We just had our wedding (both ceremony and reception) at the Faculty Club and could not have been happier with the venue and catering. The staff, including Hilary and Ken as well as everyone else we interacted with on the day of the wedding, were consistently warm, professional, and a pleasure to work with. As far as I could tell, they worked extremely well with all our other vendors. The main dining hall space is a good size, and elegant with a lot of potential -- we did put some effort into lighting and decorating the room, but it looked absolutely magical when it was done. We also liked having all the different rooms in the Club, several of which we used as changing rooms, babysitting rooms, etc -- we also used the Red and Gold rooms for a cocktail reception. Overall it was a great experience and I am very glad our wedding was here.Also, we stayed in one of the hotel rooms the night of the wedding. There are just a few rooms and I fully understand the drawbacks of not having a full-service hotel with staff there on weekends, etc. That said, the room was clean, spacious, and comfortable, there were no issues with noise or anything else, and all in all it was exactly what we expected and hoped.
gOM5Wt0dY0yG38ClhnMbVA	It's disappointing when you make a Sunday afternoon trip to get yogurt and the store is closed even though both the Fraiche website and the other Fraiche store in Palo Alto (when phoned) said that this branch at Stanford should be open.  Even though everything indicated the Fraiche location at Stanford would be open on a Sunday afternoon, it wasn't, so we ended up getting Jamba Juice instead.The yogurt is good, but Fraiche needs to take more care in updating its store information online and at each storefront.
3NMjtNYhmRLHA4Tz5WSabg	I go here somewhat often, but only when other cafes on campus are closed.  A few times recently, I have purchased baked goods that were totally stale. The cashiers always seems to go out of their way to be unfriendly, but my most recent visit took the cake.Because of the recent experiences purchasing stale food, this time after deciding what I wanted (the cranberry walnut loaf) I asked Cashier 1 if she happened to know whether it was fresh. After receiving a puzzled stare and repeating my question (which brought Cashier 2 over), Cashier 1 began reaming me out. She was saying things like "That is not a valid question! We are not telling you that - We can't be telling you that! Decide what you want or move aside! You don't have a right to ask that!"  Meanwhile, Cashier 2 was shaking her head and mouthing "no, it's not fresh."Um. If I'm paying money for baked goods from an establishment that has previously sold me stale baked goods, I believe I have a right to know whether what I"m  getting is fresh or not.  In fact, I would say that my question was decidedly "valid." I don't even want to know how long the baked goods have actually been sitting there...The only reason this gets 2 stars is the 50 cent coffee, but you should only purchase it if you're willing to put up with this kind of treatment.You've been warned!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Mediocre lighting. Medium-sized stage. Good dressing rooms.It's really convenient that there are a lot of bike racks around this auditorium.It is a nightmare trying to book Dinkelspiel for performances.  It tooks months for our group, Kayumanggi, to confirm our reservation.  We would often try to call/visit the booking office and the person in charge would either be away from the desk or would not return our calls.  Over-priced as well (cost us about $3,300 for 1 day) for the hassle they gave us.
R_U1KlukX8alb7vTRWCMbA	Stanford represents everything good about the Bay Area, California, and, dare I say it, America:-Great weather.-Smart, innovative people.-Beautiful landscaping and architecture (even Taco Bell emulates it).-A great brand (even anti-capitalists are a generic brand, so quit already). -Among the world's past, present, and future leaders in every industry.-Athletic people: Tiger Woods, Jim Plunkett, John Elway, John McEnroe, etc. -The best of the best. I am not at Stanford yet, but am applying. I want to be an alum because I want it on my resume and to be part of my history because it says I worked hard and achieved; because they house world-class professors; because the campus is beautiful; because I want to make my people proud; and lastly because I want to learn from the best.Stanford is surely one of America's treasures, scratch that, one of the world's treasures. Cal is cool but it is annoying to see their posts saying Stanford is expensive. As if Cal is not. If they were fair they would admit it is just as expensive to be educated at Cal, but that the lion's share of the student bill is shouldered by California's taxpayers. This includes current and former Stanford students who sometimes make enormous amounts of money to shoulder the burden of Cal students' education.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	While I have some objections to the term "Thai Soup Nazi" (I don't hand out that label so easily, unless you are actually wearing jackboots and like to beat people up for no other reason than that they are different), I've got to agree with most accounts here of the quality soups and salads dished out with ultra-speed and efficiency at this little Stanford cafe classic. I come here when I need to get my cilantro fix and when the weather is nice enough on campus to eat in the Serra Mall inner courtyard under the shade of the palm trees. In the spring, when the aromas of the orange blossoms are wafting through the Citrus Courtyard behind Lane Hall, food from the Thai Cafe tastes even better. I would have given the TC four stars, but using such massive amounts of Styrofoam on a daily basis is a definite downer. It will only make the Pacific trash vortex all that much bigger!
XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFw	A relatively recent addition to the "Union Square" portion of Tresidder, Panda Express seems to have found a place in the heart of Stanford students. It's open later than the other options in Union Square, although I'm not sure if there's really much of an argument that it might be better than some of the other options there (just a different style of cuisine is all).So, what can I say about Panda Express?Well, I hate fast food, and I hate chains. But Panda Express is surprisingly an option that I don't mind at all.And don't make any mistake about it; even though it markets itself as Chinese food, the calorie counts are as high as any other fast food establishment. Consider that if you buy a two-entree plate, and chose a side of chow mein (490 calories) and entrees of their signature orange chicken (420 calories) and Beijing beef (690 calories), you'll end up with a 1600-calorie meal, you'd end up with far more calories than a Big Mac and fries (which clocks in at only 956 calories, 576 for the Big Mac and 380 for the fries).Aside from the fact that this is fast food in disguise, the dishes aren't bad. They aren't great (they sit under heat lamps, so that has a certain effect), but they aren't bad.A few dishes that I've had at Panda Express: - The orange chicken is one of their most popular items. It has a sweet flavor to it which is complemented by a mild spiciness. Pretty good overall! - The sweetfire chicken is decent, but not great. It has a surprising amount of vegetables for an Americanized Chinese dish! - The string bean chicken is a good option if you're watching the calories. It doesn't have the flavor of the orange chicken, but it has a good enough flavor for a low-calorie item. - The black pepper chicken is another good option for the calories. Personally, I prefer the string bean chicken, but this one also has a good (not great) flavor to it. - The Beijing beef, honestly, is just a bit too much for me. It has a very rich, sweet and tangy flavor to it, and I can see how some might like it, but personally, I do not. - Their hot and sour soup is just okay. It doesn't have enough spices to it to bring out the "hot" side of the dish. - Both their spring rolls and their egg rolls are just okay. Not much flavor to them. - Same deal with the pot stickers. Nothing really brings out the flavor of the meat in their potstickers. - I like the cream cheese rangoons. They have a wonderful mild cheesy flavor to them. - As for sides, go with the chow mein. White rice is white rice, which is to say boring. Their fried rice isn't very good. Go with the chow mein.One last tip before I sign off: I discovered recently that you can order a single entree, for only $3 or so. Then, you can avoid all the calories from their side dishes, and frankly, the side dishes are the low point of the meal anyway. Get your favorite entree and then pair it with your own sides from home!
2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ	Bumping rating up to 4 stars since there aren't many other good options at Stanford, and you can can get a decent lunch here for $6-7.They do run out of some items by 1pm, so try to get there around noon or so.CASH ONLY
SC2HZlY3V7XdwfZ4s4_z8A	I am so happy Lutticken's is in my building.  First off, they have great coffee for 50 cents!  Can't beat that!  Second, I can always get a healthy breakfast on the go, in the form of nonfat cottage cheese and fruit salad.  My favorite on my way to an early meeting.Lastly, they may make the best sandwich around.  I love the sliced sourdough, roast chicken breast, and numerous toppings including sliced olives, Peperoncini peppers, cucumbers, avocado, in addition to the standard mustard, mayo, lettuce, onion and tomato.  The only downside is that I am usually hungry again after a few hours.  They need to work on their holding power.  I also wish they did not run out of soup so quickly.  I think they may need a bigger crock pot for cold rainy days.
OQwRmDsYpruPXTFEcFpmPw	5+ star taste3 star price1-4 star serviceTaste: On my list of the top 5 sandwiches I've ever had in my life, Ike's appears four times. The menage a tois, spiffy tiffy, name of the girl I'm dating, and we're just friends tickle my taste buds in a way no other meat between bread concoction can equal. Their sauces have unparalleled taste, and every bite bursts with flavor. The sandwiches are all served hot with dirty sauce, but try to find a way try the 2 pestos and godfather sauce because they are all amazing. Price: Ike's isn't cheap. $10 buck sandwiches. Cheapest way to go is to find a friend and split a superman. Service: Depending on when you go and how your order, service at Ike's is either terrible or fantastic. If you go during the lunch hour during the school year and don't order ahead, good luck. Be prepared for a 40 minute wait in line and a 20 minute wait for you sandwich. If you go at an off hour and use the app to order ahead, chances are you will walk right up to the counter and they will hand you your sandwich.
qwH4kjLc9NEBvumFE8IrrA	Frost is once again open for music events.Just a classic setting for a warm weather show.Came for Modest Mouse and the fact the place was having an event after many years of being closed. Students did nice job of keeping the crowd small. Lots of room for a blanket and stretch. Civilized crowd of students and locals out for a relaxing day of music in the sun. There are plenty of trees for the shade. The lawn is well kept. Bathroom clean and nearby. Food stands  as well. Parking is a short 5 minute walk.And yes I too have fond memories of the Dead and Clapton and many other Dad rock shows at Frost in the 70's and 80's. But ain't going the rest on those laurels... very glad to have Frost back.If you have a chance, go and enjoy the timeless simplicity an afternoon in a classical amphitheater. Few things better. Thanks Stanford!
m88QJCmv34JH7vAckK9qBw	Re seeing a psychiatrist:  you'll probably get a resident, which means you'll be switching specialists every 6 months since they rotate.  Also the billing department for the psychiatrist visit automatically makes you pay $20 up front even if you have no copay or have already hit out of pocket max.  It took me 6 VERY frustrating phone calls to get this money back, even though these people are network!!!.  I love the clinical psychologist I'm seeing, but i really wouldn't go here for a psychiatrist.  (also you have to pay to park, which is pretty annoying since Stanford owns the shopping center but you can't park across the street in the shopping center).
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	Ever since I started my current position on campus, as well as another previous job I've had here at Stanford, I've always appreciated coming to the bookstore to find nice gifts for family and friends, make computer purchases with the academic affiliation discounts for staff, or just have a great time browsing items and while taking a break (I do have a separate review for the Bookstore Cafe, at http://www.yelp.com/biz/stanford-bookstore-cafe-stanford#hrid:bu3_C3xBb4Cqpdos1Cowsg).  Quite an incredible selection, so much so that I often find myself having to go take a walk elsewhere as to not cause injury to my wallet and bank account.
QlFMn3xECbC-vxe_rGSlsg	Matthew S.' review of Stanford's Thai Cafe said it all perfectly, but I want to stress that the efficiency the cashier demands really does pay off in quick delivery of your order.  When you pay her, you should consider keeping your arm outstretched, for example, because the guy will likely come out of the back with your food just as your hand would have come to rest at your side.  As for the food, I'd describe it as a loose Thai. *rimshot*  I always order the Peanut Sauce Salad or the Shrimp Salad, both of which are spicy enough for me to recommend picking up a spicy-heat-neutralizing beverage while you're in line, such as a Thai iced tea, a Kern's mango nectar, or a Yoo-hoo.  While I have remained faithful to those two dishes so far, reading others' reviews has convinced me to try any number of the other entrees the next time I'm at the Thai Cafe.
IE5uZ99T0xIgOm3tfPmsUg	Im soooo happy the Thai Cafe is back in operation!Still 6 dollars per item, still the same Thai Nazi lady, only now behind a neat little window. Now its literally a hole in the wall, but its totally worth visiting! Anything from their pork soooup, chicken sa-taaay to their peeeanut saaauce and noooodle salads is delicious! Havent had anything on the menu I do not enjoy. YAY! Thai cafe!
elyvWgnY-oN7TfLMDt9o4Q	Apart from my fridge, across my backyard to the 750 is the shortest distance between me and a drink.  I feel like these guys are doing a public service by opening a bar at the grad student center with meals, bar food, and some really well priced good beers.  Watch out for the bartenders' friends, they'll buy you drinks because they've had too many themselves, and then you might be hung over the next morning.
YtdTM3_u-vPaaMDcklIikA	I don't think I've ever been disappointed with this place (the same cannot be said for Nexus).  The pizzas are good, but oily.  I really enjoy the latin chopped salad.  That salad has never been a miss, it's very filling, and at 6.25, it's a great deal.  This place DOES get crowded, but I find that the wait is never too awful.  I suggest trying to get there earlier than 12.  I thought going late would work (1 PM), but it was still busy (though the line moved pretty quickly).  Also, the people who work there are very friendly.
6Hlvbs9Kerzrv0KdIZzMBQ	Four stars for good cheesy bread sticks, blueberry cinnamon oatmeal, grilled veggies, rice, and chicken. It doesn't get really crowded either, you can usually get a whole entire table to yourself and a group of friends easily, even during peak hours. Seriously one of the best places to eat on the Stanford campus
VNhT2geXgSE7QCgvyqRMDQ	I am very happy with the service at the campus bike shop.  I bought a U lock from them several months ago, and recently it broke.  I walked in today, no receipt or anything, and told them what happened.  They handed me a brand new lock in exchange for my broken one.  I was pleasantly surprised how easy that was.  What great customer service!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Cheap, healthy food. Quality is alright. Good portions (except for the chicken skewers, not sure why they only give you two when they dump heaps of beef/lamb on your gyros).  Staff is really friendly.  Gets very busy/packed from 12:00pm-1:00pm on weekdays, so try to go at 11:30 am if you dont' have class to beat the rush.
BAXXJrlGW6o8zWfw47q1Tg	Ah Stanford, the birthplace of innovation. I'll look past that the name of their fight song is "Come join the band".I went to one of the graduate design school semester presentations with a group of friends, and had a blast. I also have tons of respect for David Kelley so it was great hearing him talk about the student's work.The D-School looked like every kids dream. Huge shops filled with everything you would need to craft a product. I want to go back and spend more time experimenting with some of the machines, if anyone wants to give me a more in depth tour, ping me!
PIvqnU6QZ2JUBhGavUl36Q	I found DJ Kuya on craiglist while having a hard time looking for a DJ for my wedding that provides the whole package (lights, slideshow equip, emcee, etc) and can guarantee us and our guests a great time (as I have been to lots of boring weddings clubs and functions in the past), all at an affordable price. And after months of searching, I found him! Robin is extemely nice, patient, flexible, and prompt with everything that he does, and goes above and beyond to ensure your big day is perfect down to the last second. He was an excellent emcee, played all music from ceremony to reception to slideshow etc without a single hiccup. He has great taste in music and mixes very well (we specifically requested hiphop, r&b, dancehall, and threw in some traditional cambodian music) and he kept the party going all night. My husband (who was skeptical about me picking a dj) was very impressed and to be honest we did not expect to have as much fun and enjoy our wedding as much as we did!  Lots of our guests complimented on the music as well and I have been told by several that this is one of the more "funner" weddings they have been to, and I owe it all to DJ Kuya. Thanks for making my day perfect!!!
6iaunnYnVj3HrCx92YdaFA	There are a lot of Ike's fanatics out there, but I'm definitely not one of them.  I don't get the hype over this place.  They are expensive ($8 for a half sandwich with a bag of chips), there is always a long line at lunch, and the line moves oh so slowly.  I'll grab a sandwich only if there is no line, i.e. it is 10 am and they just opened, and all the other students are either in class or still in bed.  Plus, I thought my sandwich was just ok, way too much mayo.  The bread was really good though.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	This spot is a nice alternative to the other places on campus. Large portions, tasty hummus. I had the falafel plate here the other day and it was quite enjoyable. The pizza also looks quite good. The only thing is...I took a look at my friend's Beef and Lamb Gyros and the beef/lamb looked like...fake meat. You know, like spam or tofu meat. Did not look appetizing. I'll stick to my falafels...thank you very much.
NCFLZQnlQOhcmDK3cAI29g	I am not smart enough to go to Stanford, but I work with someone who did, so I'm smart by association.  I love Stanford's campus.  The grounds are beautiful and everyone is welcome to just come and enjoy the place.  The bookstore is a treasure and I always stop by to check out what's new in Apple computers.  Sometimes I can find something on sale or a new little gadget.  The Tresadder Student Union is a good place to have lunch and mingle with all the smart people.  If I can't be a Stanford alum, at least I can be a Stanford guest.
XQyuG-54-EZ9EvG_ulWQFQ	I have come here on various occasions for work and had salads the other 2 times. This time, I decided to be adventurous and go for the Hawaiian plate special from the grill. The plate consisted of Kahlua pork (didn't even taste like Kahlua), rice, napa cabbage with some teriyaki sauce and macaroni salad for $9. When I got home and was eating dinner, I had these sharp pains in my stomach and I think I got food poisoning from the macaroni salad. I spent the following day in bed with sharp pains (kinda like cramps) in my abdomen area. I can't think of anything else I ate that would've triggered such a bad experience. From now on, I'm sticking to just salad or, going elsewhere on campus like the Alumni center!
6iaunnYnVj3HrCx92YdaFA	Spending $6 for lunch is a rarity on the Stanford campus, hence the popularity of this place.  I've had their curry, which I was not a fan of at all.  I have had the peanut sauce salad, once with chicken and the other time with shrimp.  I think I prefer it with chicken, but you can tell she doesn't use the greatest ingredients.  But what can you expect for $6?Also, make sure you have your money ready and you know exactly what you want to order.  I made the mistake of just saying peanut sauce salad (without specifying chicken or shrimp), and she was not pleased.  I felt like I was on that Seinfeld episode with the soup nazi.
yP2wt-lP3O863ze5mdS10A	I'm torn on this one, the packet pick up was smooth, parking was easy, plenty of port-a-potties at the start, a perfect 8am start right on the nose.  Just about everything about this race was almost as good as a race can get .  The 5k/10k runners having separate finish gates was perfectly done (one of the better races I've done for handling different that challenge)but... and this is a big but the course was non USATF certified at the last moment, and the 10k was not 10k, it was roughly .25 miles short.   (I know garmin data is not perfect, but I've run eleven 10k races and the recorded distance has ranged from 6.16 to 6.35 miles, this race measured at 6.00, much shorter than any other 10k I've done)the distance of the race is sort of a big dealI really want to give this race higher marks, absolutely everything except for the length of the course was top notch, unfortunately the length of the course is the most important thing to get right.
CNdJaOdUjLIceVxhWcMNRA	Sunken Diamond is one of the world's great places to watch baseball.For serious fans, the reserved seats along the infield are more spacious and closer to the action than you'll find at a pro ball game.  And though this appears to be an off-year, Stanford has often fielded one of the country's best teams including several future Major League-rs.For those more casual fans among us, there are both reserved seats and two good-sized lawns to park yourself for a little sunshine and picnicking. I took my three little boys to a ballgame yesterday and the Stanford setup allowed us to have the sort of relaxing good time not possible at a Giants game.  For one thing, the stands were only about 50% full, so this gave us plenty of running room (literal and figurative) as needed. The park is also kept unbelievably clean, so I was less concerned than normal about my guys sitting on the ground, touching their seats, etc. Among other things, the attractive ticket price ($7 adults, $4 for kids 3 and up) meant that we could just come for 4 innings and not feel ripped off leaving when my natives got restless. The only "watch out" I'd mention for other parents is that, since you are so close to the action, you will want to keep one eye peeled for foul balls. Play ball!
T1hPA7pN7eOHPlAD7J5QAA	Saw this place on "Man V. Food" and my beau and I had to go there on our trip to San Francisco. The sandwiches are awesome. You have to ask for dirty sauce on whatever you order. You get the sandwich, a soda, chips, and a lollipop for around 10 dollars. And all of the choices... every one of them sounds delicious!I would go there again and again and again and again!
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	"Nexus" is a really cool word. From the Latin, it is all about connections. And being at the center of various threads and streams and flows and networks. What a great name for a higher-end cafeteria in a 21st century bio-medical-engineering building on Stanford's expansive university campus. Bet the food and drink are choice, huh.Right? Break out the big boy stars, shall we? Or how about a cheesy tag line like "neXus marks the spot"? That will surely get the Yelpsters a'running. Silicon Valley ROTD fame and fortune, here we come ...Right ?? The Clark Center, swanky home to the vaunted Bio-X Program ("one of the most radical experiments in scientific research in the world," ever! - according to their none-too-modest web site), has cravenly chosen a conservative, play-it-safe food and coffee shop strategy. The 3rd floor of this appealing mix of outdoor and indoor spaces is run by Peet's, a decent enough purveyor of caffeinated beverages but not exceptional, and certainly not radical (like Blue Bottle or Philz or Four Barrel, for starters).Neither is the Nexus Cafe, which strikes me now - after multiple visits - as a slightly pimped out IKEA cafeteria with higher prices and better lighting. It has food stations, an expensive pay-by-weight salad and sandwich bar, and rotating specials in all the usual culinary suspects, from Italian to California fusion to Tex-Mex to South and East Asian. But radical and experimental it ain't. Unless when I say "WalMart," you immediately think "edgy, union-friendly, equal opportunity, and progressive." In that case, then yes. Nexus for you will be like the Noam Chomsky of college cuisine.Besides, the ratio of seats to patrons is a little off, and the outdoor seating options are disappointingly lacking. Those that are available in desirable spots with green and shade and light foot traffic tend to fill up fast. Given the ridiculously nice weather and high cost of this place, a better patio area with seating aplenty would have made a serious and positive difference. For inspiration, I'm thinking the covered plaza at the Sony Center in Berlin's Potsdamer Platz. Now that's designing open space right!OK, cards on the table. I must admit to being really impressed the first time I "Nexused," and probably would have granted them 5 Yelping stars. How naive I was in 2008! Such a lifetime ago ... We were still in Iraq, then. Good thing it's all so much different now ;-)In retrospect, my reaction at the time was likely due to the fact that the Clark Center itself is such an architectural wonder that you're a little dazzled, like a salt-lick addled deer caught in the proverbial halogen headlights of an oncoming Volvo XC90. But once the surprise fades, the Nexus Cafe begins to look pretty ordinary, indeed. Not in a bad way, mind you. I devoured IKEA's Swedish meatball manager's special back in the day, too. Gustavus Adolphus could not have been more proud. Sadly, despite my self-imposed blue-and-yellow big box store boycott, I still have disturbing dreams about being covered in lingonberry sauce .... Another time, perhaps. Tastes can and do change. No harm done (except to your arteries, but what do they know). Nexus newbies are likely to enjoy their initial visits, and they use recyclable things, no styrofoam, and washable utensils. Truth be told, when I first encountered brown recycled napkins and bamboo food trays, I was in eco-heaven (and the Dave Matthews Band was playing on my new, 5-disc CD changer. The '90s. Good times!). Flash-forward to the iPad-era, and these things are no longer as compelling or creative as they once were. A sign that things are getting better and more sustainable when it comes to Stanford dining options, for sure, but is it really a "radical experiment" fueling the cutting-edge science of the 21st century? Overstuffed burritos and Odwalla drinks?? Methinks not.I'd rather go to nearby Tootsie's instead. Now there's a bold experiment in the face of a dominant corporate food culture, an independently-operated human-sized haven for bright and discerning patrons who talk, read, and convive in intimate, lavender-scented splendor over small-sized plates of wholesome, handmade dishes and superb made-to-order coffee, tea, and hot chocolate beverages. But I digress.Anyhow, just go and try Nexus for yourself at least once before deciding. Who knows? Maybe it will be the right connection for you. I won't judge!
TLTbtobx10vpK3rYP8-2sw	Great sandwiches.A bit expensive. I normally go in around 6:30. I've never seen the huge lines, but I did get annoyed at the guy working the counter when he decided he'd rather flirt with a female customer than take orders.Expect to wait 15 minutes from the time you order your sandwich until you get it.
LW-4t2psvoehLqkcVMRm_g	It's a decent building, just too small for me.  I do like how there is no advertising of stuff around the area, just Stanford stuff and a few electronic ads.  It was just annoyingly small and I wish there were more people.
SSvalZkiN3vqOSH76rbtPQ	I really felt like being a first reviewer of something... anything... I knew something about. Stanford West Campus Tennis Courts was my best shot. I mean, who else would review tennis courts on Yelp? Talia G., that's who. Two months ago. Talia beat me to describing the 8 well-kept courts, the wall for solo hitting, the online court reservation system (Stanford ID required).  All I can add is a parking tip: There are some metered parking spaces, and beware of the ones that are reserved 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. They do ticket, at least during the school year.
EjJOP1_jhd0snVm2xqXOow	As a patient of the Stanford Sleep Clinic since 2003, I was incredibly surprised by just how bad this organization has become.  My latest horrible experience will be my last.  I am literally at my wits end for how to work with these folks.  I was trying to get very time sensitive documentation on my sleep apnea for a certification I needed.  In a ten days the following was my experience: Make appt with them and have the appt mysteriously disappear.  Take their advice to have primary care physician complete letter after they fax documentation.  Call and discover they never faxed it.  Then when I specifically ask them to fax it again providing the number they tell me they will not without an appt.   This was time sensitive in nature and had to be completed in 10 days.  Complete failure on their part and no accountability whatsoever.  I hold the following individuals responsible for this utter mismanagement: Andy the medical assistant, Angela the assistant manager, and Linda the supervising manager.  I do not believe any of them were even in the office that day as I spent over four hours on hold to reach any of them and had critical messages left for all of them through the call center.  Do they realize how their lack of accountability screws with peoples lives and careers? I am taking taking suggestions for other sleep clinics in the bay area.   Additional measures have been taken with the Stanford organization to insure they understand how poorly this reflects on their name.
Tp2AqLjTwimSbtqD71G4Xw	I just learned about Ike's on-campus recently and now I am hooked. Since I work nearby, my co-workers and I call in on Thursday night for a big order for Friday lunch. They are always so accommodating and easy to work with. We arrive to pick up our sandwiches and our box is ready and waiting. Make sure you call ahead because the lines can get get quite long (on a Friday especially). Also, only a couple times we have been there, we are missing one sandwich OR one sandwich is incorrect but they jump on it immediately and get the correct sandwich out within 5 minutes. "Nacho Boy" was a big help the other day when our order was not quite complete. Super easy to work with and never questioned a thing - GREAT customer service!
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Located in the Arrillaga Family Recreation Center on the Stanford campus, my daughter will tell you that this was the location of the most adventurous birthday party she'd ever had. While I agree with her that it was fun and very different from parties her classmates were choosing for their birthday celebrations, my experience at the Stanford Climbing Wall tapped more project management skills than I wish to put into a kid's birthday party. In all fairness, the Stanford Climbing Wall's foray into kid's birthday parties is very recent. However, there are quite a few quirks that need to be ironed out for them to have long term success with the concept. First of all, the staff is difficult to get a hold of by phone particularly in the summer months as the climbing wall is staffed by students and managed by Stanford Outdoor Education, which seems to be constantly farming staff to outdoor excursions through out the year. You will need a great deal of patience and a dash of persistence in your communications efforts with them. This same crew lost my deposit check. Written and sent about 6 weeks ago, no one is able to tell me where it is, only that it hit the office in-box at the same time as a flood of student checks for some other outdoor adventure. "Perhaps it fell behind a desk," I was told. As you can imagine, that was not a comforting excuse. I recommend you deliver a check personally, never mail it to the group. There is also no where to store a cake while the kids climb. Your party guests will enjoy 90 minutes of climbing after which they are able to go outside the rec center and enjoy cake at the picnic tables. But, where to keep a cake in that 90 minutes? Luckily as an employee in the alumni center across the street, I was able to use my ID to access the building and store a cake in one of the kitchen fridges there. Not everyone will have that advantage though. One staff member did tell me that there is a fridge in one of the rec center training rooms but, the group that utilizes that room won't let them use it. Tsk! Tsk! When you are all from the same university, sharing should be a no brainer kids!! I would also recommend that you bring two to three adults with belay experience with you. While we were given three wonderful instructors to help the kids climb, I had fifteen 8-year-olds spending too much time having to wait for another turn. Luckily, I had three Dads with belay experience on hand to get more of the kiddos on the wall. All-in-all I do think the experience was fun and the kids enjoyed themselves, I simply think Stanford Outdoor Education needs to make some small organizational improvements to make throwing birthday party here a bit smoother.
0gwPT6J_pJg8exjm8C8B5A	Incredibly slow... at least on a Saturday at noon. Get one of those new zipcars on campus instead-- there's three of'em.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	My friend and colleague, Max, took me to lunch here not too long ago. when he suggested the place... I said "Ike's?  What's that?". He nearly choked on his morning pastry.  "You like sandwiches?" was his reply (after he stopped turning blue)"Love 'em."  Okay.  He done brought it.We walked over to Ike's on a sunny Thursday afternoon, later, to avoid the purported crowds of ravenous sammich hunters and we still encountered a line.  At 1:45pm.  No matter, we were committed.  The guy taking our order was hilarious and charming and good looking and funny.  Always a plus.  I'm a vegetarian, so I was a tiny bit apprehensive of getting scoffed at or not having many options, but the menu offers a lot of good veggie options.  I got the fake meatball sammich.  Excellent choice.The sauce was great, the texture of the TVP meatballs was reminiscent of real meat.  The hot sauce I had them dump on there made my mouth sweat and gave rise to vaguely naughty thoughts.  (sorry, hot spicy food always gets my blood up). :)We got some chips, comes with every sammich, and some bottle of root beer.  We sat out in the sun, ate our carb-y deliciousness and had a nice chat.  I want to come back once the rains are over so I can get some more of that vegelicious sammich nonsense.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	Once upon a time there was a beautiful physics library.  It lived in the physics building and physics graduate students could visit it whenever they wanted.  It had many old books that no one cared about, but they were warm and cozy.And then the jerk theorists wanted more office space (or something) and they got rid of the physics library.  Many books were given to grad students (who will love them and care for them, even if they are about FORTRAN) and others were sent to storage.  A few (but very, very few) lucky books were sent to live in the Engineering Library.  Sadly, many of the nice people who lived in the physics library also went away.  Stella (yay!) went to the Engineering library.  Where did the others go?  Were they sent to storage?  Did grad students take them home?  We may never know. The engineering library has big tables and small desks and comfy chairs and a small patio.  There are lots of outlets for plugging in laptops.  It is nice for sitting and working, thought it usually seems crowded.  Books?  Yeah, I guess there are some books.  I find many of the library staffers to not be very helpful.  Recently they removed a few shelves of books to put in some more big tables for group work.I miss my physics library, but the Engineering Library is so much better than the Green Library.
JOKzFTvuZQ2EBgdXkY6Lfw	Stopped in one morning and had a raspberry beignet. Wow! Like a raspberry filled cloud of happiness! I don't know where they get them from, but they're great.
PjYaEnWRFB7uogiAeaXQQA	I'd been planning to try the Coupa Cafe on Ramona for quite some time, but eventually, my laziness paid off and they came to me!  :DAnyway, I had lunch there today, and the prices weren't bad ($6.50 + tax for half a sandwich and a cup of soup).  And their food was pretty good!  The chicken noodle had a tomato-y broth though, which was strange, but still good!  I was sooo full but was tempted to try one of their desserts.  I got their double chocolate chip mini-muffin and it definitely took care of my chocolate craving.Edit: So I tried one of their crepes: the vegetarian spinach, and it was pretty good.  The crepe part was soft and not crispy and was whole wheat I believe?  I also tried an arepa (the special, a griddlecake stuffed like a sandwich with some beef stew, black beans, and cheese) and although it was good, it cost $7.25 and was SO SO TINY!  It came with a small small side of greens, but I had to get something else afterwards to actually fill myself up.  Also, they say 10-15 minutes for preparation, but I came during lunch and it took over 30 minutes.  Would NOT recommend that.  Kinda soured my impression of this place, but I still would like to try their breakfast..
WWnhqRnWWjutMqh-2SzEuQ	Goodness knows how many buckets of Citrus Squeeze and Peach Pleasure I consumed over four years of undergrad here.  Jamba Juice is uniformly delicious, but this one has a special place in my heart.  I miss biking across campus at snail speed taking sips from a precariously held styrofoam juice cup.  Not many campuses can boast their own Jamba Juice, so take advantage, students.
Uo26xw3wj0YxlU642mFi-Q	GO CARDINALS!As a season ticket holder, parking is great--pay for a season ticket holder lot and avoid the general lots.  Use Google Maps to see where the traffic is or isn't getting to the game.  Tailgaiting is fun and easy here.  A gourmet food truck area for pregame tailgaiting is available if you aren't up for planning a party.  Games are fun.  Past several seasons have been extremely exciting!  Family friendly.  Great fans/crowd.  Yes the band may not please everyone, but what's wrong with Darth Vader or a tree running across the field?  Adds fun to half time.  Go to a game, you owe it to yourself!
BPkM2rnhMO68Le6Xs-7eVg	My first real banking experience as a regular customer all started here.  And I'm happy to say I am still with Wells Fargo and haven't thought of leaving them once (unless of course I move away from the west coast)
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Full disclosure, I work at Stanford.  That being said, I LOVE working here.  Incredible faculty, beautiful campus, great staff members (if I do say so myself) and world class education.Incredibly competitive, this place is worth every penny to attend.
RxaqMFylRmftGzihOQTmfg	A new building for the GSB and a brand new Arbuckle. Still has the items of the old cafe but a much larger location allows them to offer new items and more variety. They now serve hot breakfast made to order, burgers, pizza and usually a design your own pasta station. The cons: - $0.25 on the spot for a to-go container- prices on everything have gone up about 30%- a much larger space means people tend to stand wherever they want to talk/ponder their lunch choices/more or less just be in someone's way- the prices of the make your own salad are ridic. $5 for a small salad...and I MEAN SMALL.- no hot breakfast during the summer- Closes early on Fridays in summerThe Pros- Love the variety- Longer hours in general (just not in the summer)- Better seating inside- the outdoor seating is wonderful and includes loungers - the checkout lanes are easier to maneuver
9ko2ULuF1lObQ4uxdyRvYw	Great place to bring friends visiting the Stanford campus. Gives an awesome view of both campus itself, and the surrounding area.One especially nice benefit is that you can use it to shorten the tour, if they're short on time. Take them up to the top and point out the buildings, rather than walking to them and showing them. (Definitely more fun to walk there & show them the insides, though.)Make sure they take a look down at Memorial Fountain, and at Memorial Church!
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	Heard all this rave about Fraiche and decided to check it out! The flavor selection is limited, I hear their other location has more flavors. The portions are average. I think their mango froyo tastes amazing, just like the real thing! It's a tad on the pricey side and it's not self serve. Nice for a hot day!
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	I waited over an hour. My sandwich order was wrong. The guy spent a long time flirting with me and got the order wrong. I was starving! And it was cold by the time I got it. Meh indeed. I don't have time for this during my lunch hour.I wish I could email my order in and they had a line just for that.
mZBwEijHmWFTyPktVBLEEw	Fraiche is simply AMAZING! I love that they have other flavors besides original, like chocolate and soy! Try them separate or together for a  deliciously healthy treat :)  Also a must is their fresh fruit, jam and oatmeal toppings!
qyzsfn6RpDBFXyKaggeEpA	My morning track run starts here; then around the campus.  I can't get enough of this track since lots of folks love to run here.  They just had the Bank of the West Tennis event here so they closed the track, but now it's back.
56vERWd2VPTfjytCQlSc6g	I went to Stanford for swim camp for 3 years when I was younger.  I stayed in the dorms and got a TICK!  You are gross.  If you are visiting, stay in a hotel.
zD9JC4DlFzCNwGCfYCvp9A	I'm not going to review Stanford University as an academic institution.  That would be silly, as there are much more comprehensive publications than Yelp which already do a good job of that type of "review."  What I will do is review the University as a destination.I'm sure that many of you already know that Stanford is not only a world-class educational facility, but also a very popular tourist destination for Bay Area visitors.  For those of us who live here, it's just "the Farm," a huge, honking piece of real estate that seems to take up a ton of space and permeates almost every aspect of life between Menlo Park and Palo Alto (and now, Redwood City).  From the Linear Accelerator to the Dish, from Stanford Research Park to Hoover Tower, from the Rodin sculpture garden to Memorial Church, Stanford really has something for everyone.  The architecture is fascinating, an interesting mix of modern and mission .  Take a stroll around the grounds, watch the kids as they scurry from class to class, enjoy lunch at the Cool Cafe, and marvel at the never-ending rows of bicycles parked outside every building.  The campus is stunning and the weather is usually cooperative.Do not miss MemChu or the Rodin sculpture garden.I will say that the campus is quite large and parking isn't always easy, so be aware if you're visiting with octogenarians or toddlers.
oNx60AozF9SKGLV1oYEA8w	My wife is 4 months pregnant and eats here often since it is convenient to the GSB. She ate a salad there several days ago and has had stomach cramps ever since. She went to the doctor, fearing for the baby, and she said "it was something you ate". I'm not saying that they gave her food poisoning, I'm just giving them 2 stars. You can be the judge.
e9hegxtdoro0KjJZTyUsLQ	I love this beautiful institution. I did a photowalk on the campus. Other than the Golden Gate Bridge, this was my favorite photography experience in the Bay Area.Professors stopped to talk to me and they were so kind. Everyone that I and one of my best friends encountered was so kind to us. I even saw a black squirrel on campus and I have only seen one one other time in my life. I loved being there and photographing there. It was one of the best days I've had since I moved here. It was a fantastic experience. I can't wait to go again or visit for an activity.
CRLA264qZO-IxB2gQOnJmg	6 star location.Checked out the Bank of the West tournie here most of yesterday and can't think of a nicer facility to watch some great  tennis. All seating is pretty awesome here, but you're best off in the shade if you can nab those seats.Cobb field was unrecognizable, as it was turned into a hospitality haven. Bravo Stanford.  You all never cease to amaze.   Anything less would be uncivilized.
7Ri5onau346fF5l9Zlj-Gg	Awesome place, try the MILF EXTRA DIRTY! Its amazing. It has the shredded chicken, franks red hot sauce, the dirty sauce, and a jalapeno pepper with cream cheese, I usually get dutch crunch or wheat with everything on it except onions. Im hooked on the MILF haha. 4 stars because I wish they delivered especially to the hospital for employees that only get half hour lunch and have no way of getting there and back in half an hour.
-GSgKKwWi9mcEWDgKeuaqA	Get the soup!  The noodles all taste kind of the same to me (a bit too fish saucy for Thai food), but the soup is absolutely perfect on one of those rainy, chilly NorCal winter days. The price is reasonable, and the line is fast. It's worth any abuse suffered from our beloved Stanford Soup Nazi Lady. Fun fact: I met a couple claiming to be SSNL's in-laws on a ski lift at Heavenly. Not to blow her cover, but apparently she's Vietnamese and her husband is even scarier than she is! I'm not sure I believe it.
i-DWCn1Xk5-exHi0mBDO1g	Fraiche saved the day this weekend...it was a scorching 100 degree day and after a 2 mile walk around campus, we stopped at Tressider Union and I was glad to see Fraiche Yogurt here. I ordered the tart yogurt with mango and mochi, and it cooled me down immensely. The yogurt is creamy and slightly tart, and the mochi was really fresh!
6iaunnYnVj3HrCx92YdaFA	I pretty much only go here because it's a convenient place to grab a cup of coffee before class, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come here.  There is never anywhere to sit, and sometimes they are so unorganized that it can take FOREVER to get your coffee.  It gets so packed sometimes, and the way the place is set up is that you pick up your coffee at the same place you ordered it.  So you have a mass of students, professors, and visitors all crammed into a tiny little space either waiting to order or waiting for their coffee.  Not a good set up.  At lunch there is always a long line, and I just don't have the patience to wait a long time in line then wait more for my food to come out, especially when the food isn't that great.
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Jamba Juice (Stanford University, Tresidder Union)....Jamba hits the spotOn hot summer days like thisNot much else to say!Oldies but goodiesLike Caribbean PassionAnd Orange-A-Peel....Banana Berry,Strawberries Wild, Peach PleasureMango-A-Go-Go!New drinks on the blockFruit Refreshers, Fresh Juice BlendsProbiotic Blends!Even the baked goodsAnd Whirl'ns Frozen YogurtHit the spot some days!I have yet to trySteel-Cut Oatmeal with soy milkWith choice of toppings!I've tried their wraps, but....The Smokehouse Chicken FlatbreadIs my preference!
Ai3NbwFPjtLVEBVcOdnurg	On Stanford's campus. Came on a Saturday afternoon. My friend and I got the Mediterranean sandwich ($6.50) It was pretty yummy with the sun dried tomatoes, chicken, huge piece of mozzarella, pesto. yum!! We also got the Strazza crepe ($6.50) - strawberries and nutella. yumm!!! really enjoyed all the food.Only thing is that it took awhile to prepare.. ehh
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	I'm a big fan of Stanford - stellar academics, competitive athletics, friendly and diverse community, plethora of extracurricular activities, beautiful campus, perfect weather, accomplished yet humble faculty, the list goes on and on.  A+
4lLSLA-ZP4h3Hki9NFfZAg	The service here is god awful. They're often close their store before closing if business is slow. They are not good about picking up the phone and are often out of chicken before 7 pm. The food is average - very similar to what you may expect to get at Treehouse. Ray's is an incredibly poorly run restaurant and is unfortunately the only place close to my dorm.  Don't give this place your business, maybe they will put something worthwhile in their location.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Yelpsop's Fables"The fox and the grapes"One day the fox decided that he wanted to order a Ménage à Trois half sandwich with added bacon on whole wheat bread with chips on the side. He came to Ike's at around 11:45 AM on a Thursday and was surprised to find 25 people in line ahead of him. "My," thought the fox, "what a long line! And I came early, too!" Frustrated, the fox waited. And waited. And waited. Then, when he finally arrived at the front of the line, he ordered his sexual-innuendo themed sandwich, paid his $8, gave his name ("Fox") to the man at the cash register, and sat down to wait some more. After what seemed like an eternity (which is seven times longer in fox years, you know), the fox got angry and left without getting his sandwich. "I'll bet that the dirty sauce tastes sour, anyway," he fumed. Angrily, he decided to write a 2-star review on Yelp that would lower Ike's statistics. And that's that. Meanwhile, the hare (who was taking a break from his epic "Race to 500" with tortoise Dan) observed all of this from the quiet vantage point of a barstool-type raised chair and circular table. He sat quietly licking his caramel and green apple lollipop and wiping the last bits of Ménage à Trois BBQ honey mustard from his lips, fingers, and face. The hare, you see, had arrived shortly after 11 AM, waited only 5 minutes to order, and then got his sandwich, warm, toasty, fresh, and delicious, after a wait of perhaps 5 minutes more. Thus, while the line grew exponentially in size, the food supply increased only geometrically, just as Malthus would have predicted. But because he had rushed to get here early, before the curve began to skyrocket into the sandwich making stratosphere, the hare was able to eat in peace and even read about "instinct" and "natural selection" from Charles Darwin's "Origin of Species," which he just happened to have with him at the time. More than 5-star satisfied with his excellent meal, the hare left Ike's shortly before noon, while the line reached 30 deep in the background.Moral: Something as good as a sandwich from Ike's is worth waiting for. But don't be like the fox and complain and whine and blame Ike for your failure to plan ahead. This is not Subway or Quiznos, they make things to order with love, care, and quality ingredients, and you can't rush or outsource that. So, next time, be like the hare and come early having studied the menu ahead of time and knowing what it is you want to order. The fox can have his sour grapes and be be done with it. But the hare will be full of dirty sauce and halal chicken as he hops happily away to his next Yelping destination. The end.
fnBKAsc0bP_HZaFC7AOBIA	I didn't find out about Nexus until the summer I did research in Gates.  It was a surprise - didn't even know about the place, but it's a nice.  A bunch of doctors and professors that are around that area eat there.  I saw Susskind there once.  Anyway, it was during summer and was a nice change from the Thai cafe all the time, a bit more expensive though.  There a patio out back where you can eat outside too.  That summer was fun!
HWOOrgZa6QvbU-XjWEIs9A	On arrival, I was informed that I had to go on-line to look at the menu. What the hell? It's pretty presumptuous to assume everybody has a laptop or smartphone handy. Is it really that difficult to put a menu board on the wall? That was a great way to put me in a bad mood.I had the Lincecum, the meat was good quality, the sauce is garlicky, but it was nothing like the "Heaven-On-A-Bun" that it's all hyped up to be.I would also like to see some caloric information, because even a half sandwich seems like a fat and calorie bomb.
4d681x3sCw1Q9ySTyTYXlw	As a Cal student, I might imminently be stoned to death for five-starring a Stanford institution.I can't help it! The truth must be told!I was here last year to buy a bike while I was living on Stanford campus briefly (I think I hear the pitchforks already).(NB: Stanford is a beautiful beautiful campus, PERFECT for biking. No hills, flat, bike lanes...I'll at least grudgingly give you points on that one.)To complement the perfect biking terrain, Stanford has a bike shop sitting in the student center. Over the summer, the people who worked here were generally high school students (!) who were friendly, knowledgeable, and completely open to helping me pick the perfect bike.The guy who helped me was spectacular. (Davis-bound...Stanford, I guess you lost this one.) He was patient as he listened to my long list of reservations, opinions, incapabilities, and thoughts.When I came back several times during the week after I bought my bike, he was always ready to help me with whatever problem I had, smiling to boot.Makes me the happiest pseudo-biker around.(Oh, and I bought a blue and gold bike. From the Stanford Campus Bike shop. Step up your game, Stanfurd!)
KBKghVPb6Nf6Q5gvLKWgsw	I was there last year, so they may have changed service staff, but i was given ok service, I did find the food ok and nothing to rave about.
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	Mmmm tasty! Overpriced, but I've given up looking for well priced food around Stanford. I ordered a junior size with walnuts, raspberry, and mochi. Plus the free vermont maple syrup. Walnuts were roasted, mochi was fresh tasting. The only crappy ingredient was the raspberry, which wasnt actually a whole berry but instead a bright pink liquid. Bonus points for being open past 9pm, unlike most locations at Tressider.
1WfaAbWC06QDnb59vqnEZw	If you have to decide between sandwiches named after Giants pitchers, I'd go with the Matt Cain over the Tim Lincecum. The Cain just feels like a manlier, dirtier sandwich -- roast beef, turkey, salami, godfather sauce, and provolone. The Lincecum is clean and decent: turkey, bacon, ham, avocado, and havarti. I had both of these on gluten-free bread, which wasn't bad! I've been to the other locations (Redwood City, the old Castro location), and I find that the quality has been consistent. So far, I still think the Menage-a-Trois is the best, and it's not just because it's fun to make the same jokes everyone has made. It's just a delicious sandwich.The best part about the Stanford location is that dinner and weekends haven't been terribly busy. This is important especially if you're coming here just to eat at Ike's, because most parking at Stanford becomes free after 4pm. Once inside, there's plenty of seating, and the staff is very attentive in bringing out your food.My only complaint is that they named a sandwich after Ted Leland, the evil AD who almost ruined our entire football program. I came here twice in three days. 'Nuff said.
P5bUL3Engv-2z6kKohB6qQ	After hitting the Ike's opening across the quad, the co-worker and i hit up Coupa to get our caffeine fix. The chai here actually seems a bit weaker than the one downtown but it was still solid. Co-worker loved the cappuccino and felt it was of sufficient strength. Picked up away from the lunch comma we unfortunately had to go back to work and not able to enjoy the patio are a bit longer.
BPkM2rnhMO68Le6Xs-7eVg	Such a great gorgeous course and I feel sooo lucky to have had it as my course to play in college.  The price for 18 holes for a student was $25 the last time I checked.  After becoming an alumni you have to fork over $100 to get on and if you don't know an alumni, faculty, or student I'm not even sure if you can get on.The course and views are magnificent. I just feel that they really let way to many people on to play the course and it gets really torn up, especially the greens.  Every time I have played here the greens have been relatively slow and bumpy.A lot of unique holes - takes a decent shot maker.The driving range here sucks as you can never hit of the grass and it usually full of a lot of hacks.
-PWwpgh0WQFE63KIzyqmKg	This place is bull sh*t.  I've gone four times. You see a different doctor every time.  No one follows you or follows up with you. Worse, the people on the CPAP line won't return a phone call for love or money.  As if that weren't bad enough, they have you do a sleep study, mail you your diagnosis, then have you go out to get a CPAP machine, and then come back in three months to discuss.  NOBODY EVER TELLS YOU EXACTLY WHAT YOUR DIAGNOSIS MEANS!  If your CPAP isn't working right, that's your tough s*t. You have to schedule an appointment three months in advance to see someone.  You could die by then. Worse than that, I can't even get through to a f-ing human being to lodge my complaint.  I have to write it here on yelp.  The only--and I repeat-the only reason the place gets a one star is the facility is nice, the bed is comfortable, and the aides are nice when you check in. But I get that kind of service at a Holiday Inn. At least Holiday Inn has a customer service line you can call and the put a chocolate on your pilow. My advice:  Go anywhere else but Stanford.  I started to go to Sequoia hospital. You can  get into see a doctor in a about a week and you can see the same doctor--instead of a revolving door of fellows and trainees.  If I were a Stanford director and read this post, I would be ashamed that our name hung on the outside of the building.
Zox0EBX1HpdTMD6hIHhZ_w	Wish I could have gave this Ike's 5 stars but sadly I cannot. The Ikes' on 555 twin dolphin drive is WAY better. First the roast beef on my sandwich was cut to thick, also I made sure I told them extra Ike's sauce and no pickles, I even said extra sauce twice. When I got my sandwich there wasn't enough sauce and it was loaded with pickles, I hate pickles. On the plus side the wait isn't as bad as the one on dolphin drive, and its the same friendly upbeat staff.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	My friend Pauline and I go here to people watch, have a Chai and chat.  We both work on campus so its convenient.  Plus, it's Stanford...so the people watching is AWESOME.  Seriously.  AWESOME.Case in point, the last time, this chick was wearing cowboy boots, DKNY sweater dress, ten pounds of makeup and was testing, listening to her iPod AND tapping on an iPad all at once.  Faboo.The service at the cafe is hit or miss, the coffee mediocre and the sandwich offerings middle of the road....but I still like it.  You can sit upstairs near the railing and stare down at all of the fashion forward Stanford students and parents....
2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ	Food: 3Decor: 3Service: 4Regular froyo with strawberries and raspberries for $5. Fruit was pretty fresh, but the regular froyo wasn't as smooth/creamy as I was hoping.
0JgjdJUgsMxh8U9-RWSomw	NET APPETITThis Asian food truck used to be parked in the Cisco parking lots a couple years ago... and it is great!!! They have so many options to choose from in their buffet, ranging from Chinese to Thai to Indian. Many vegetarian options also. They had the best spicy Thai curry fish, that half my box would be filled to the brim with it. Net Appetit weighs your buffet box and charges in increments of $0.50 but maxes out at $8.50 (my favorite option). Great food, great choices, and friend service. I miss them!
jPYo0tgCP9If38vn_0aeKA	the spicy chicken wrap hit the spot...on a day when the School of Medicine was celebrating it's centennial and offering free lunches to the entire, school, staff, etc..but only had enough for 1000,  I was left holding an empty plate...well not really, never even made it near the food...so i ventured off in search of food like everyone else who was SOL...was thinking Luttikens, but everyone seemed to think the same thing...and remembered there was this hidden gem on the lower level of Beckman...line wasn't too long...and even if it was, the guys making the burritos were whipping through them like no tomorrow...the burritos are pretty filling and are moderately priced...haven't tried their sandwiches, maybe another time...good thing i remembered this place, they have everything to fill a snacker's dream or fill you up at lunch...
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	This place is bizarre.The menu always looks really good, but the food is just alright and the service is non-existent. I've been here a handful of times, and have never really been impressed. Besides mediocre food, Cool Cafe just takes FOREVER. Even though there were only 2 people in line in front of us, we waited 10 minutes before placing our order, and then waited another 25 minutes for sandwiches and salads despite the fact that the place was empty on a Saturday. Overall, it just gets a pretty "mehhhh" three stars.
Mtt2lFmX5UsTjpq75rip_w	5 stars for the Real Meatball Sub. I think the first time I went here I got the Italian and it was fine, but I really don't remember. Once you say, "Real Meatball, on Dutch Crunch, with Everything" then you'll never get anything else.
yVxVGS68r_IDNIFWTK0JTw	The $70 quarter-long pass is a great deal - unlimited classes for three months.  Candice's pilates classes are awesome - my legs always feel like jello during and after class... even though most of the class is spent lying on your back!  The Zumba classes are also great - they're so much fun, I almost forget that I'm working out!  I always leave the class drenched in sweat.  For yoga lovers, there are yoga classes pretty much every day - sometimes twice in one day.
ii0Ki85fCV4Sia4otNVwcA	Mmmm. The Lincecum (like its namesake) is fabulous. The sourdough rolls are also top-notch here.If you have to go to Stanford, this is a very good place to grab lunch
kA8pHWJd8xhAAzETWun-nw	Went here with a crowd and loved it! All the food came out pretty fast, and everyone seemed to be enjoying their food. Dishes I can vouch for : Chicken Teriyaki Bowl (delicious, some of the best I've had, but not enough broccoli) and the Chicken Club Sandwich (super yummy, full of chicken, bacon and other goodness and comes with a nice pile of fries) Ray's is definitely a must try, and for me, a must return!
J6yxA2PWu2ywah_laPoDSw	I've played here a couple of times with alumni over the years.  This is a great university course, probably behind Ohio State and Arizona State on the list of unviversity courses that I've played.Course is not hard, but you need to think about ball position on a couple of holes.  Tee shot on the first over the road is unique.  Decent pro shop that is stocked with merchandise.  I'm a real fan of the par 3s on this course as they are ripe for the taking if you hit the right shots.As a scratch player, this course isn't that hard but if you are new to the game, it can give you a headache or two if you don't hit it straight off the tee.  Befriend an alumni or two and go out and play this course, you'll be glad that you did.
BPkM2rnhMO68Le6Xs-7eVg	As if campus wasn't already a site to behold the views atop Hoover are amazing.  Make sure you go up here a few times during you Stanford career.  And if you are visiting you definitely need to check it out.
DS61Fwt1czcn-sOCIC60cA	Stanford's Bartender served at an elegant soiree I attended  this Saturday. The service Carlos provided was far beyond any bar tending I have seen in a long, long while.  Beyond theatrical execution, he served us all with  smile after smile after smile. His knowledge of mixology was impressive, I mean he *was* Tom Cruise in "Cocktail!" ... and I have been around.  Interesting that the gent's bar became a popular haunt for conversation. And so I graduated summa cum laude in pineapple mint and Venezuelan rum doctorology. Carlos was not simply riveting; he taught that even *I* could  make a "Set 'em Up Joe" cocktail!
gLke-4oih1t7urvoQAENcQ	Too bad you have to be a faculty member (or a prof's tagalong) to eat here, since the daily buffet was actually really good. Five-spice duck was definitely the highlight and I had an embarrassing pile of that. Really fresh variety of salads. Amazing dessert spread too. Ice cream with plenty of strawberries, bread pudding, crème brûlée (though this looked a little dry), cookies, upside-down pineapple cake...mm. Bizarro that these are not counted as part of the buffet and one of the waitstaff followed us all back and eyeballed our sweet heaps to see how much to charge our professor host.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	These stars are for the beer and wine. When evening falls at Stanford and the lights come up, CoHo goes from lunch spot and afternoon coffee house to become a jazzy place. The beers on tap are all nice (Sierra Nevada is mandatory, but I also saw Fat Tire and other decent selections from which to choose), the Spanish white wines (like the Verdejo/Sav Blanc blend) were good for $5 and came in a topped-off plastic glass. Generous pours, almost enough to forgive the cheap, landfill-clogging, bay-polluting, Pacific trash vortex-filling plastics that they came in. Even when crowded, the CoHo allowed us to sit and talk w/out shouting. And if we had stayed for the live music, I would have reused my beer glass more than twice! Next time, I'll remember to bring my own mug/stein!
C7dE67z9UTCqcwxgyBcTJA	How can this place not have 5 stars?   Freaking *amazing* sandwiches, easily better than any campus offerings now or over the past 11 years.  The 20 min wait is a bit much, but you can always call ahead. The lounge is a pretty reasonable place to wait, eat, work.Am now a regular.  Hard to believe something this good is 103 seconds from my office.
RmnF3xft550nn2moUpuC4Q	I can't believe the positive reviews for this place!  Epitome of disorganized, anonymous and bureaucratic, sad state of healthcare in the U.S.  You would think this was a third world country - in fact, the quality of care at a reputable institution in India would likely run circles around the experience I've had here.  One star for a responsive and compassionate physician; but negative 10 stars for the sheer lack of coordination between departments, who don't even attempt to create any semblance of working together as a TEAM - novel concept to them, it would appear.In a nutshell, I was scheduled to have a biopsy done that involves both Radiology and Surgery.  Though originally scheduled 2hrs. apart, they called me at 4PM on the day before my operation to tell me that the surgery would be delayed by 3 hrs., possibly more.  No one had bothered to call Radiology to see to if they could push my appt forward - I was simply expected to arrive at 6:30am for Radiology and then wait until 1PM for my surgery to (hopefully) take place, assuming no complication with other surgeries that bumped mine.  Are you F#(*$()*#@%^ kidding me?  They're lucky they called me when I'd already started the Valium I needed to just get through this.F--k the architecture!  This is the worst outpatient surgery experience I've ever had.  Shame on Stanford Cancer Center and Stanford Hospital for such a surprisingly low quality of care.
wGAgUIjTGhdUkhIX2zdMww	First off, I've never hired Carlos, just had the pleasure of attending several parties he's worked. He is amazing! His crew is fantastic. Prices, according to my friends who hosted the parties, were very reasonable. His concoctions are out of this world. I can't wait to have a reason to throw a shin dig - just so we can hire Carlos!
nckdCP0Y8ffoht2HLW18Rg	Stanford Golf Club is a great golf course. Period. Layed out beautifully in the natural landscape (well, aside from the first tee where a main road travels below the tee box and you have cross a street to play your tee shot) and the course focuses just purely on golf. Amazingly true greens (closest I've played the past couple years is California Country Club) will make any lover of the short game excited. This course requires good shot making. Dog legs on all the Par 5s with tall trees at the apexes deters longer hitters from attempting short cuts. I enjoyed the nice risk/reward layouts on the par 4s with exceptional greenside bunkering. I would suggest if you're having a bad driver day to keep it in the bag. The rough is very penal here and taking 3W on the tee is not a bad idea. I was only able to get on this private course through a work sponsored event and as such, played a scramble format. I probably would have enjoyed the course more if I had a chance at stroke play and walked. This would allow me to see the course from more angle (with my occasional wayward shots...) and probably appreciate the design even more.Don't pass up a chance to play.
RYhtdZpUu5mZGxzfe9CipA	Updating after I attended four concerts this season:* Luciana Souza and Romero Lubambo* Victor Wooten, Ndugu Chancler, Geoffrey Keezer* Akira Tana and his Secret Agent Band* Le Jazz HotIf you're interested in attending the SJF in the future, but don't know where to start, I recommend just reviewing the calendar, seeing what sounds good to you, and checking it out. Or heck, just pin the schedule to your wall, toss a dart at it, and vow to attend the concert you hit. Either way, you won't be disappointed.Sound quality is good in both places they've held the concerts (Dinkelspiel and Campbell). It's not Yoshi's, but it's solid.A few critiques:* At a couple of the shows, I ended up sitting near some students who were  talking through a lot of the music. I don't mind a comment here or there -- it's expected -- and I know they need to come and go due to their training times, but talking through whole songs, even if about their camp stuff, is not cool for the others around them who also paid for their tickets. SJW folks, if you are reading this, perhaps you can address it with the students? * They had assigned sections in Campbell Recital Hall and it was kind of confusing. Ushers were on hand to help, but it was still not easy to tell where reserved was, where the students were supposed to sit, and where the great unwashed GA folks (i.e. me) could sit. My recommendation is to just not have premium seating in there, and rope off (rather than put tape on) the rows intended for students. But please, don't let the above dissuade you from attending. Just some feedback on an otherwise extremely worthwhile festival! Check it out when you can! And thanks to See's, Yelp, KCSM, and other sponsors who keep EXCELLENT JAZZ alive in the south bay!
Pp4doAlCjxOxemlkTc7ERQ	I love love love this Cafe! It's a fantastic place to come and get a salad with just about anything you could image to put on it. They are a little pricy, but the food is quality and uber fresh.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	I came here today to see Stanford women's bball beat #1 UConn and end their 90-game winning streak...wooo GO CARD! :D   The arena is a lot of fun - because it is so small and has such a low ceiling, the fans are really loud.  Really, really loud...I have somewhat sensitive ears but the noise in here was on par with plenty of concerts and I would have enjoyed the game a wee bit more if I didn't have my fingers in my ears half the time :P  Still a lot of fun though!  And the fact that it is so small means there's really not a bad seat in the house.
ed-C-BTs9Xp_5pqo32bLAw	Toured the Campus this summer with my HS age daughter. What a great campus and learning experience! I was so energized after the tour that I was ready to apply for myself. I'd better start studying to improve my SAT scores. Stanford is set up for tours of potential students with it's own Stanford Visitor's Center building and staff. Plus, students are hired to lead campus tours. First,  there is an introductory presentation and then the walking tour. A very complete and informative folder of information is also handed out.The student guides divide up the potential applicants into groups of about 30. They walk backwards while giving a running commentary to the group for almost  2 hours. Our own tour guide was a sophomore staying on campus over the summer. Did a great job of filling in all the details that an admissions brochure can't capture. Mostly campus life and what it is like to be a student there. A+ for all the guides that I saw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=rSrpO9643HcChFEbDVBUGQ#ZMxUgv1RwjHh6D1ak1RHYwSmall class sizes: about 1:6 ratio. Study abroad opportunities at Stanford owned international campuses. Internationally famous professors. Applications: 34,000 Applicants for about 1500 freshman admits. 92% of the applicants were in the top 10% of their HS graduating classes. Of course, the admission process is streamlined if  Mom or Dad buys Stanford a new building. Majors: Many students are science or engineering majors. However, 3500 students are undeclared majors. Program is set up so students can graduate in 4 years even if they don't choose a major until beginning of junior year. Campus: Manicured, traditional and space age architecture. On campus housing chosen by 98% of students. Campus wide free bus system. Many students get around by bicycle. Art, fountains, historic buildings and more. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=rSrpO9643HcChFEbDVBUGQ#ZVTwRccTvC75GZ4uUjc_0Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=rSrpO9643HcChFEbDVBUGQ#XgwDvoJpSZcAZE5baE6lGwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=rSrpO9643HcChFEbDVBUGQ#AsVYX-0LNy25X5LCcz5sJQStudents: Focused and creative and positive. Life of a student, I'm guessing, is a challenge for sure. But, it is a good kind of challenge. It attracts the best of the best. Our student tour guide informed us that a few current olympic athletes are Stanford students. Cost: $56000 per year including tuition, room and board. No extra cost for international study or other special programs. Students don't work generally except for tuition assistance work programs. Nearly all students get financial aid, scholarships and loans. My daughter is charged up too. She has a new goal and motivation to pay attention in school. This great tour was just the thing to light the fire for her. Can she get accepted. ???  If you don't apply you will never know.
J_2HkIwv3vTF5CjsSIkKRQ	On the plus side, Nexus has a wide variety of foods.  Unfortunately, Nexus doesn't really stand-out for any type of food in particular; everything's just okay.  A few examples:1) They have Indian food on Monday, but the spices are never quite right and it tastes a little bland.2) They make their own veggie patties for veggie burgers, but burgers come a la carte (fries/salad/fruit is extra). Also, the fixed burger menu + long lines make it hard to get your burger exactly the way you want it.3) They make big burritos to order, but they aren't really any better than what you'd find at Beckman Cafe, Treehouse, or Ray's Place, and they don't come with chips.Ultimately, between the okay food and the cafeteria form factor, Nexus feels like a dining hall with better ingredients, but without the all-you-can-eat.
1fbqafPJJ-kxQgrJqt9wPQ	These are the second best salads (first is my own :P) and the price is comparable to anywhere else.Sexiest salads around campus:1) Coho (goat cheese!!!11 awesome++;)2) Union Square (ask for less dressing, can easily customize but only for lunch)3-7) Um. Elsewhere?....8) Plutos9) SproutsSorry!
1oorrv1MLXCGGQdg7Ea_Ng	I liked it better back when it was the 750.I occasionally frequent it for the fish and chips, but I get the sense the quality has gone down since three or four years ago.  It's a shame, because it gets so much good business from grad students.
viaNzWKM_Itfx8vMUWe_Bg	Peanut Sauce (Salad) is my principal vice. Consists of cold thin rice noodles on a bed of salad slathered with delicious peanut sauce, 4 to 6 shrimp and a wedge of lemon. There must be crack in that sauce it is so addictive.Minus one star because portions are not very filling. Expect to feel quite hungry 2 to 3 hours later.Minus one star for the fact that the lemon wedge dissolves the container (as Ahsley K. previously noted). Anyone know if this is a serious health hazard?
JsYjoHfZb28NQ1vBqSHfgA	Very nice atmosphere.
hOPhxpCvB2bKjRoMG16OCw	just when you think this place can't do any better. IT DOEShave you seen the $5 deals nexus has been advertising?! it has surely made me very happy! i recommend the quesadillas! i ask them to put black beans instead of chicken. PLUS you get chips + salsa. That is one helluva steal
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	I've worked here at Stanford for almost eight years.  When I decided to get phat, from fat, I lost my 110 pounds here.  Yoga, Pilates, step, Zumba, rock climbing, basketball, cardio equipment, BeWell fitness assessments...Stanford does it RIGHT.I Love this place.  I love the staff. The equipment.  The classes.  The staff.I live here, practically.  I am a 6am to 7:30am 5 days/week workout here kinda girl.  When it's quiet.  And not a meat market.Yeay, cardio!  Yeay, endorphins!
HVPrZuTFciaRLmEwCdl-yw	I have a very unsatisfactory experience with the Campus Bike Shop. I would love to love it, because of the convenience of its location.So I got a flat tire, and I walked my bike over. They said that the bike was improperly inflated, so the tire popped out. They said it would cost $15, and I was thinking, "Sweet! It's so cheap!" They were super nice, and I came back about an hour later and picked up my bike. The tire was pumped up and felt brand spankin' new and rode smoothly.Thanksgiving Break begins, and the next day my tire goes flat AGAIN! I looked, and it was the same problem as before -- it popped out of the rim. I take it back after Thanksgiving Break ends. They tell me that the bike was improperly inflated! I told them that the tire had just been inflated, and they told me that it must have been overinflated, then.Flabbergasted, I explained to them that I'd come to THEM right before the break, and that THEY were the ones who had inflated the tire. They shrugged it off and and said that I had to pay the $15 again! And the guy who had fixed the tire for me was right there, too! I was infuriated, but I needed my bike, so I coughed up the $15 again.I'm sorry, but I should not have to pay double the price (however cheap), to make up for your own mistake. Honestly, worst customer service ever. They are very nice up front, but if something goes wrong with your repair, it will be you who pays.
sDS2DFgAapj7gJ83P425Fg	If this is the evolved Ike's, formerly of 15th Street, I'll B there!Please stay tuned.
RIGOL8DnNLz-7prhDdP-EA	I am a fan of this place.  Very very happy Stanford has a good frozen yogurt place for me!!They have their standard flavors and others that switch out.  This summer they had a promotion going on Tuesdays (not sure if its still available now).They put the TOPPINGS on for you and though they do not have as large of a selection as any Yogurtland locations, they have just enough that you are bound to find something you like.My only problem is that the toppings tend to fall off the top of the junior size yogurts.  Boo!The yogurt here is creamier than Yogurtland's (Yogurtland's is more tart, which I prefer) and a tad more expensive.  I get a junior with 2 toppings and it usually comes out to be close to $5.00.SIZES:Junior, Medium, and Large.  If you order a LARGE, you automatically get 3 toppings.In addition to frozen yogurt, they serve coffee and a variety of baked goods.
eh01IsSbe8_vUw7oF4SvyQ	Above average haircut at a great price.For the area, it doesn't get much cheaper than this place, but haircuts at other places get a lot worse. While I didn't catch his name, my barber was friendly and efficient - I was in and out in less than half an hour and my hair looked pretty good.Not the best haircut I've ever gotten, but its on campus and a pretty great deal ($21 for a guy). I'll definitely be back.
1mdwR2US8Z_CBWYuFMWWNg	Having attended Cal, it's hard for me to rate something at Stanford as good or better than Cal.  Unfortunately I'm also honest...The Stanford bookstore chops the Axe down and splits any of the book selling offerings in or around Sproul into little bloody bits.I've been here a couple times.  The first time I was with my mom.  We had gone to see the Cantor museum and were walking around touring the campus.  She wanted to go to the bookstore and I needed a couple of GPU programming books.  They had both of the books I was looking for, grr.The next time I went with the whole family.  I didn't buy anything this time but my mom walked out with a bag of books.  My wife was pitching a tent in the history section and I had to drag her out of the building.So really, as far as college bookstores go you could say that it would be tough to find a better one.  Out of the universities I have either attended or visited:CornellUC IrvineCalU.PennUniversity of Illinois At Urbana ChampaignPomona CollegeStanford's bookstore smokes all of them.  Even with this evidence, I can't give it five stars.  I am sure there is a better bookstore out there somewhere that has similar selection but can compete on price... Where...  Where can it be?Ah yes, Amazon.com.  Problem solved... Suck it Stanford!
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	I've been eating here for the past few years, both pre and post move on the Stanford campus.  Like Hooria T., I am a vegetarian, but I can't say that I've noticed it's gotten any spicer since reopening in it's new location.I only get the peanut sauce plain salad and just love it...not a whole heckuva lot of options for veggies here, but it's fresh and good and cheap for a lot of food.  A friend took me to lunch here the other day and he got the chicken peanut salad and said he loved it.  I added siracha sauce (I love spicy) to half of it and he did the same with his and we compared notes.  The seating is still a little hinky, there are outdoor picnic tables and they fill up quite quickly so we had to go up too and hung out in the main quad space near the church...beautiful place to sit in the sun and chat.
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Greasy unhealthiness on anti-environmental 100% disposed eatingware.
MN9DopRS1eRAWm6_qds53Q	Pros:  Nice range.  Reasonable price.  I especially like the generous old-timers (with their lifetime of golf wisdom) who hang around the place and offer free tips.  My swing has definitely improved as a result of the tweaks they suggested.Cons:  This place tends to get clogged up around 6:30 p.m., when the Brooks Brothers-clad corporate army invades the place en masse.
ids5SmUZavQxuyhDztQ5dg	I am surprised this place did not get more recognition. Well, it is a cactus garden located in the heart of Stanford University. However, you probably have to know this place exists or otherwise you would not be able to spot or locate it randomly because it is hidden in a quite secluded area.The garden features different kinds of cactus and some are as tall as 10-12 feet. The garden is quite small but it took me more than 1.5 hours because there are so many interesting plants to see and I took my time to take pictures. You don't see these giant cactus everyday and it was so refreshing to be surrounded by these plants in a quiet area. There are a few benches where you can sit and enjoy the sun, the plants and the serenity. I definitely would come back again in spring time to see the blossoming flowers to get a different perspective of the garden....:)
X_LdEqdD533i9E7gkWfE_Q	Too frickin good
2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ	Food: 3Decor: 3Service: 3Came here for lunch after class.1. Chickadee sandwich, 8 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DLaAK2VYMGd-vodPtp7aoA?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQOkay. Decent portion, with a side of salad.Line was short (in and out in about 10 min).
fLG79z2pfICqqGigZTp0UA	My husband and I just had our wedding at the Stanford Faculty club in August. We wanted an outdoor, garden-themed wedding ceremony, with an indoor reception. We wanted the location to be convenient to our family and friends who live in the Bay Area. Most of the places we looked at had incredibly expensive facility rental fees, or could only accommodate us until 10pm, or were up a windy hill, or required that we do the reception somewhere else. Gustavo is a Stanford Alum (although you don't need to be an alum to use their club), so this was the perfect place for us. Hilary helped us plan the ceremony and reception with the help of our day coordinator. She was great to work with-- very professional and prompt at responding to emails/calls. She helped us find some of our vendors (ie. lighting, AV, florist, cake). On the day of the wedding, everything looked great! Our guests commented how delicious they thought everything tasted. There was plenty of appetizers and cocktails, and wine/beer/soda with the Cardinal package. We would both recommend this venue highly. (note: we are not reviewing the hotel rooms, because we ended up using a different hotel)In summary... Pros: great value, centrally located, very accessible, quiet, private location, delicious food, great staff, helpful events coordinator, opportunities to take beautiful photos all over campus. Cons: it's not looking over the ocean (duh),  nor is it Villa Montalvo or Allied Art Guild.
UKRtIGJNvitchC75VKesmQ	I LOVE this place!  The owners are super nice and the salmon teriyaki is tasty!!!  The only downside is that they tend to run out of salmon by 12:30 pm, so I am often disapointed.  However, they will save some for you if you ask.  They also make decent coffee/hot cocoa.
-zuV9Du1HFHaQ6GnVyGWsQ	Similar menu to the JZ Cool Cafe in Menlo Park.  It is nice to eat here on a sunny afternoon right next to the Rodin Sculpture Garden.  I had the green goddess green bean salad and it was delicious, but it was a bit pricey.
fccMIyBd6ZhFUVAhvSqsrw	I have been wanting to try Ike's for awhile so finally came here with my bf this past Sunday for lunch. We got there around 12:15 and did not eat our sandwich until about 1:40pm....why you ask? A very long line and then an additional wait to get the sandwich. I normally would never wait that long for lunch or sandwich but figured since we drove out and paid the bridge toll, that we had to! When we finally got our sandwiches they were quite delicious. I had the full Matt Cain with a mozzarella stick addition. The sandwich was pretty good, lots of flavor and the Godfather sauce was tasty. Also liked the dutch crunch. My bf enjoyed his Tony Soprano as well.I would definitely come to Ike's again (maybe a different location in the Bay Area) but wouldn't wait that long again for a sandwich here. Also learned you can phone in your order as well and skip the line, however it may be a hour+ before you can come pick it up.
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haiku's for Ike's Place (Stanford)....It's just a sandwich....Is not what Ike's loyal fansTypically say!And for good reason....Ike's Place has out of the boxCreativity!Celebrity namesInteresting combos ofMeats, fixin's and sauce!On your choice of breadSandwiches only served hotAdd chips or soda?!A simple conceptBut it's working overtimePhenomenal taste!On my first visitThe Lincecum was my Ike'sInitiation!Meat lover's delightI then graduated toMenage à Trois!Sub-in fried chickenEuphoria awaits youAll about the sauce!Apple caramelLollipops with my sandwich?!Saved for boss's kid!Soda selection....A conglomeration ofClassic and obscure!Call ahead or elseYou'll be in for a long waitCall early or late!They do sell gift cardsIn case you were wonderingChristmas is coming!
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	So long as you know what you're getting into, I have no complaints against Olives. Olives is an on-campus eatery in the basement of an academic building, so they're really only open during breakfast lunch time (I think 8am-4pm). If you're looking for breakfast, you can get mediocre espresso drinks, bagels, muffins, yogurt, or granola bars. At lunch, the selection consists of pre-made sandwiches and Greek food, with a fairly limited selection. The "pizza" always looks underdone, but the Greek entrees are consistently pretty good, even if they're a little overpriced. I get the beef and lamb gyros about once a week, which come with a pita, side salad, rice or couscous, and hummus and yogurt sauce. Nothing extraordinary, but definitely good and the portions are large enough to keep me going all afternoon. My only complaints are that sometimes it takes an exceptionally long time to get food, even though there don't seem to be that many people in line, and the staff isn't wholly consistent in their assembly of dishes. Extra bonus points for using all compostable plates, to go containers and silverware (and having compost bins readily available at their outdoor seating).
Ziz1dBhYulEfv98sPj9NIw	I was surprised to the this Panda Express in Tressider when it first hit campus, but it is a nice addition to the Subway and Treehouse that also find themselves in the same pavilion.All Panda Expresses serve virtually the same food, but this one is one of the few that also serves an Eggplant dish, good enough to please those vegetarians who want more than rice, spring rolls, and their veggie medley.When the line is long and the restaurant is packed, the food quality is pretty good, but after 7p.m., the quality begins to decrease and some of the food starts to taste like its been sitting out for a while. This is more true of their deep fried entrees (sweetfire chicken, orange chicken, beijing beef, etc.) moreso than their grilled,sauteed entrees (Kobare Beef, Mushroom chicken, etc.), so choose your items accordingly.The staff is friendly and fast, and they always give free tasting (granted I think they have to offer, but it's still nice!). Great place to stop off to get your midday lunch fix when you're not feeling another sub or Mexican!
-PcOYMpcQKw4uvTLoy-ljA	This place is UNDERRATED!!!COME ON, where are you going to find a cafeteria on any university campus this UPSCALE?!  The food is organic, uses fresh produce and breads, the salads are HUGE and delish, and the PRICES ARE REASONABLE! 5-8 dollars for a meal, THATS A DEAL!!!!  PORTIONS are huge.  And they are so GREEN with their potato made utensils.  LOVE THIS PLACE!  wish I could come more often but I work in the hospital so making it to CLARKS/NEXUS is kinda a trek when you only have a 45 minute lunch and would like to enjoy your food.  I always get the signature salad and even tho I would like to try everything else, I'm too addicted to my signature salad.I love this place for lunch.  Gets really crowded from 12-1 so I try to come around 11 or after 1ish.  For dinner, the selection is minimal so I really only come for lunch.
M6h9KYZHFaZYmVFopXq1mw	Possibly the worst experience I've had at a  WF branch. One of my online accounts got hacked and basically wiped out my account and after a whole day of making multiple calls to wells fargo customer service and PayPal, I was instructed to go into a branch ASAP to show them a letter from PayPal that said I was robbed and need my money reimbursed. The manager told me he wouldn't do it because their branch has a quota and he didn't want the money coming out of "his pockets". He also proceeded to give me advice on what I should have done to prevent from getting hacked (I have to say I am a responsible Internet user and I certainly wasn't asking to get hacked for gods sake). He actually gave me this speech twice - the first time he told me to go to another branch, so I called customer service for the 4th time that day and they instructed me to go back into that branch and explain to the manager what to do. All in all, extremely condescending service from at least 3 people, I was ignored by all the tellers for about 20 minutes when I was in there the second time. Will never come back here. I'll probably switch to a credit union.
Jh-igGTcuMJ82Jxpzj3ulQ	I had made a reservation a few days ago for an economy sized car.  When I went in today, they told me they only had an SUV available or a damaged smaller car that they did not recommend driving.  They would charge me the economy price but I was not comfortable drivig it:/.  Still it is surprising and dissappointing that a rental car place would only have two cars available at a given time for someone who had made a reservation days in advance.
6iaunnYnVj3HrCx92YdaFA	Ok, I like this place even more because one day I didn't have enough cash on hand and I just needed a cup of coffee.  They told me I could just come back the next day to pay.  Who does that these days?  Awesome!But, I can still only give them 4 stars instead of 5 because their food isn't always consistent.  Still my favorite place on campus though.
WqeK9gyjDXL_7G3RjIUGHQ	This is probably my dad's favorite bookstore.  The building is roomy and friendly.  The technical book selection is pretty decent.  They have a lot of books here and I never get bored.  I love how I can go upstairs to satisfy hunger pains at the cafe or surf the web on the Apple laptops in the computer section.  Books, food, and internet.  What else do you need?  I frequently see people reading test prep books at the cafe tables.  The store also has a section that sells Stanford memorabilia and a textbook area.Note to Yelp editor: There are two Stanford Bookstores listed and their reviews should be merged.
4InFkxzE3nxy5hd5IfLSFw	MMMM delicious sandwiches.  This is not your regular Subway or Quiznos.  The sandwich that I had, "The Name of Girl I'm Dating", was sooo delicious, all the different tastes from the ingredients meshed together into a scrumptious party in my mouth.  I ordered a half size, but immediately regretted it later, because I could've easily finished a full.Located inside the Stanford campus, here are directions on how to get there:1. Google map the address (it should take you right to parking structure 2)2. park in parking structure 2  (parking is free after 4 on weekdays, and free all day on weekends)3. walk past the Jerry Yang building4. look for outdoor seating, there will be a building labeled Huang right by itArrived at 4pm on a Sunday afternoon and it was not busy at all.  Can't comment on the weekdays over all.  I was pretty surprised at how delicious the sandwich was just because there had been so many rave reviews on it.  Believe the hype.
0gwPT6J_pJg8exjm8C8B5A	Cuban pork sandwich is great, comes with huge couscous on the side. The specials are usually pretty good. Salads are huge. Really nice people. A little expensive.
gZWshVoPlMC0D9WWXe5D9w	I feel smart just by being here. They have an amazing collection of interesting and not-so-interesting books - what you cantt find here is not worth finding. But the people who work here are friendly, and can help you find it anyway.
EgjYy-5IbESflBnlaOVkJA	Got a Bachelor Party coming up?  Need Bartending Services for a more formal event?  Don't bother trying to find a better service than Stanford's Bartender!  Carlos is easy to work with, professional, and most importantly fun!  We worked together as vender in one of wedding. His team really knows how to work the bar!  Props to Cheyenne, just for being Cheyenne.  They made  party fun & memorable!
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Unlike my old college bookstore, which carried mainly text books and school supplies, the Stanford Bookstore has something for everyone! I've purchased books for my young kids from their extensive children's book section.  I've also found page-turners for me just across the aisle. There is also an extensive Stanford apparel department where it's possible to pick up branded gear for everyone in your life including your dog.  The staff is knowledgeable and pleasant.  Enjoy a latte at the bookstore's cafe while you peruse your purchases.  This place makes a decent panini too!
--T8djg0nrb_yMMMA3Y0jQ	bottom line: good things come in small packagesi've tried quite a few of their sandwiches here and most of them have been hits that i'd definitely order again.  some of my favorites are the spiffy tiffy and menage a trois.  my main beef with this place is that the ordering/pick-up system seems hugely inefficient and the sandwiches are quite small for the premium price you pay.  that being said, the taste is unparalleled and i find myself coming back for more.p.s. make sure to specifically request the free fixings if they're to your liking (pepppers, pickles, etc) as they're not included by default.
RsRFHwvJKguLL2EOT6fj2g	Great place for families - nice art collection, not too overwhelming, peaceful during the week. Cafe is nice, a little pricey, but worth the convenience.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	Just discovered another minus-- like most university bookstores, their textbooks are overpriced.  But unlike most university bookstores, they're pretty awful at listing which titles you'll need online.  AND at having everything you'll need in stock.Plus, wifi isn't available on the textbook floor.  Pretty inconvenient if you're trying to compare prices!
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Specials are good... sometimes
yVxVGS68r_IDNIFWTK0JTw	So good, but it's pricey & very likely you'll have to wait in line for a long time around lunch.  Their secret sauce is key to the deliciousness of their sandwiches - I have no clue what's in it, but it is good!The Spiffy Tiffy on Dutch crunch is my go-to sandwich here. SO delicious - the main ingredients are chicken and pesto.Call in & order (way) ahead of time to avoid the long wait times.  Phone callers be warned, though: one time I called to order around 12pm, and they said the earliest I could pick up my sandwich would be 2pm. Two whole hours later!
OJK6V3Ewlrhq04TVwZwohQ	I'm currently the Duke here, and I have been ashamed up to this point to write a review about this place. Mainly, it's because their food is overpriced and they don't have any dishes that stand out. And their food is overpriced here, I did mention that right? I mean how can a fruit parfait be 4.50 or whatever crazy price they charge.Their lattes are just blah. Too sweet, nothing stands out.I do like their 5 dollar special menu. You can get a small hot dog, bag of chips and a coke. Better value. (They won't however, allow me to change a soda for a water...wth) Their Chicken Quesadilla isn't too bad either. I tried one of their savory crepes before too, but the crepe felt so rubbery. I've also had the Chicken Salad wrap. Surprisingly, it is actually really good. the dressing, wrap, chicken and lettuce, compliment each other very well.For some reason though, this place gets super busy. I guess more so because it's convenient and located right between the Green and Meyer Library than the actual food. Service is great here though. Nice and Friendly!
56Vd6f-R6ibUCxsV2sDc1A	I loathe this Subway.  Not only do they rip students off by not offering $5 footlongs, they are almost always out of most types of bread, and the service is painfully slow.  For the most part, I refuse to go to this place unless I'm really craving a spicy Italian sub, which, despite being at Subway, has a whopping 1040 calories and 56 g of fat for a footlong.  Just a warning in case you thought all sandwiches at Subway were healthy!
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	The Caesar Salad here is not bad, but I was pretty disappointed at most of their salad options, which almost all seem to have sweet things in them.  And the service was excruciatingly slow-- maybe 15-20 minutes, after ordering, for my salad to be made?  This isn't going to be a lunchtime staple, but it is one of the better salads in the area I've had so far.
1TZm5R0N2No6Fjyuk99Neg	I just walked in, explained what I wanted, and got it.Few people in the area like to wear the hair the way I do (messy) so I consider Joe's quick competence a blessing. NYC's loss, our gain. It took me a few days to realize how well the cut worked. Who would have thought we could get such a nice cut in the student union?
CGRkejdGiNtvX-lhcOFUZQ	Taste-wise and service-wise, the SF location is way better. Parking-wise, the Stanford location is so much better...Anyway, CALL AHEAD!!! I mean it! Like.. two hours ahead, seriously. So it was strange. I called at 12 and requested my menage a trois to be made for pickup at 1. My friend called literally right after me, and the dude (who sounded extremely high... or just super friendly) on the phone said her sandwich wouldn't be ready until 2. Wtf?? Such a drastic change... so I called back to change mine at 2 since I was meeting up for lunch with her.I came at 2, and there was a loooong line. I'm glad I got to skip that, but the whole place was SO unorganized. There's supposed to be a pickup line, but there was no cashier there... which ended up a huge mess because the cashier from the order line would have us pay first and then get our sandwich when it's ready. When I got there, my sandwich wasn't ready at that time... and 10 minutes later I got it. But it was cold... It still tasted amazing, but not as orgasmic as the one from SF. They seemed to skimp out on the chicken and looked really sloppy... or it seemed to be missing something. And to make things worse, my friend's sandwich wasn't ready until like 20 minutes later... so my sandwich was just not fresh-tasting. It turned out hers was ready, too, but the cashier  forgot to check on the sandwiches for pickup... irritating.I'm so sorry, Ike's... but I have to give you a 3. For now, I'll probably drive my ass to SF for better service and yummier sandwiches... or wait til the Cupertino location opens. Wooooo!
yBvR-QKeAOqGZV-AvqHiqg	First experience with Ike's sandwiches was at this location. For me, I know a place is worth trying out or eating at multiple of times when I can't decide what to choose on the menu. Everything sounds delicious and I decided to try the "Name of the Girl I'm Dating," which had halal chicken breast, honey mustard, avocado, and pepper jack. I really enjoyed the freshness of the ingredients and condiments. The location is probably not as accessible or easily found, but it's worth the wait and try. I recommend going in a bit earlier than lunch time to avoid the long line. Service was very friendly, too. :D
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	The good parts first:  it's free.  where it = the condoms they give you.Well, actually, everything is free, but I don't recommend going for anything else.  I know more people who have had their injuries or health problems made substantially worse by Vaden than people who have gotten any kind of help.  If you've got a sports related injury (broken bone, etc.), you want to go to the rehab center at the hospital, not here.  If you've got, or might got, a serious illness, have someone else diagnose it.  The people at Vaden are nice, but too often you get someone who will tell you the exact wrong thing.That, is unless God loves you like me.  Because for the chosen ones Vaden can actually be pretty useful.  Like this one time, I got a pencil eraser stuck in my ear, and the girl across the hall -- my freshman year mommy, so to speak -- had to pull it out with tweezers.  And then I did it AGAIN junior year.(Don't ask how this is possible, please).My friends tried to get it out, but they're guys, so they only made it worse.  One of their girlfriends made it all better.  Except that it wasn't all better, because afterwards I couldn't hear in my right ear.  Turns out that the eraser (and the subsequent pushing thereof) had jammed all my earwax down my ear canal, and Vaden had to drain it out with some super-powered liquid vacuum pump thingy.  It really was super-powered; the original one they used wasn't strong enough.So, ad summum, got something dumb stuck up your ear? Have no fear, Vaden will make you hear!  Anything else? No.
UtQpusM3vlcAsEXrguL1vA	Menage a trois w/ extra dirty sauce = best sandwich I have ever tasted.
09D7Y6dbzmVQ0F15MH1AQw	PROS:+ Matt Cain+ Menage a Trois+ Great bottled drink selectionCONS:- Long Wait- Parking is a painI came here with my family the first time and everyone loved it. Then I came here with a co-worker who decided to do a custom sandwich, and ended up order like 15 items in the sandwich. We heard the guys in the back groan and say, "What the hell is this!" when his order went back. HAHAHA! Our order took a bit longer because they were all confused by the items chosen. The short version of the list is jalapeno popppers, onions rings, no veggies, lots of meat, not sauce, maybe oil and vinegar. But it turned out great according to him! I got the Menage a Trois, almost as good as the real thing. If you don't know what the real thing is, go ask your parents....just kidding, google it, haha.....NO DONT do that, its not important. Anyways....the sandwich is a great mix of sweet and savory, just like the name....The Matt Cain is great roast beef, turkey and salami sandwich with their god father sauce, which I didn't get a chance to analyze because I eat everything so quickly. This ones excellent.I they have a great bottled drinks selection! some stuff I have never even heard of. And all soda taste better from a glass bottle, you can't go wrong with any selection.They do take their time making the sandwich, which is good and bad. Since this location is on campus, its a pain because you have to pay for parking on campus.This is one of my go-to places for sandwiches. It should be one of yours too. Enjoy!
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	I really dig this food truck. Cheap, hot and tasty :) I like the variety of Chinese, Thai and Indian dishes. There's a good balance of meat and vegetarian entrees. Yes get there early so you have better selection. Noodles usually run out first. The drill is - go up the stairs into the truck, grab a take out container, fill'er up, go outside to weigh your food, pick up a drink if you want and pay. Go back to the office, eat and have a happy tummy.My faves are the garlic noodles, the Korean bbq chicken, the chicken wings and the green beans. I feel like I get a lot of food, but never spend more than $6! My only problem is that I rarely carry cash, so I'm forced to hit up Panda, Coho, Treehouse or Axe & Palm. So when I have a few dollars, you know I'm hitting this place up for lunch.They cater too! Their menu is at chowbow.com - I've used them for a couple student events and everyone liked the food and service. VERY reasonably priced.
3okrWrDZxfMrF3_thV3Kmg	So far I've come here for lunch twice and enjoyed myself. It does get busy around noon, but if you go off-hours, such as 11am or 2pm you won't find a long line.The first time I had the Massive Shroom sandwich, which came with a house salad (didn't know that) and it was excellent! The second time I had a half bacon and egg sandwich and a cold mushroom and avocado sandwich, both were great as well.Each time I also had a plastic cup of the house red. Not the best wine, but a decent accent to my meals during the day.With each trip costing me $10ish I have nothing to complain about here.
jShChcFSVXOIOhuXTNrRvg	I had an amazing two years at the Stanford GSB.  More than just classes with great professors on business topics, what makes the school great in my opinion is their focus on personal development, with the underlying belief that this will simultaneously help foster better leaders.  I learned a lot from both classmates and classes, had fun with terrific people from around the world, and grew as a person  from being immersed in the school's culture.  The school administration is highly focused on student needs and as a result supports new programs and initiatives as needs/requests are brought up; most things are student led and organized.   Grade non-disclosure, a student norm, is also an important policy because it allowed me to focus on the areas of most interest including entrepreneurship and technology.  This helps to make every person's experience unique, semi-tailored to their specific interests.On a side note, the actual main building GSB South where all classes are held, is really old and drab with not the best facilities.  However, there is a new campus under construction expected to open in a few years, which will give the school a much needed face lift.
Ybl2ymFb1IheUuLRDOxQ_g	Sometimes I think this location might be some sort of social experiment.  They serve excellent sandwiches, and they're trying to see exactly how much time they can force people to wait for them.  True, the sandwiches are fantastic.  I've tried three or four of them and they're always very good.  BUT - the amount of time they make you wait for your food is insultingly long.  You have to be prepared to spend at least an hour waiting for your food, even after they've taken your order.  To their credit, they improved the ordering process, so you don't need to stand in line for half an hour to order.  They did not improve the rate at which they can make sandwiches, though.  This means that instead of waiting in line, you can wait at a table.  And they've already taken your money, giving you little option to bail if you have an appointment, or a flight to catch, or weren't planning on spending two hours on lunch.  I've been to the location in SF, and while it's slow, there's at least some efficiency to it.  You wait in line for a while, but you know that once you order they're going to start making your sandwich.  At the Stanford location, they still have to start making the sandwiches of all the people who ordered before you, and they might not even start making your food for 45 minutes.  They need to either build capacity in their kitchen, or have some respect for their customers and stop taking more orders than they can fill in a reasonable amount of time.
A-5D1nwCfDpoI5WvJ2Jh7A	Dear Yelp: this is a 5 star place that's been victim to 1. a bunch of bad reviews the two weeks when it was still working things out, and 2. people who expect to come here and get in and out in 15 minutes.  The sandwiches at Ikes are unparalleled--they're the best in the Bay Area.  The Stanford branch is, in my opinion, better than the old SF location--great location, tons of seating, and relatively shorter lines.  That being said, if you don't want to wait in line half an hour, then don't go during peak hours (11:30-1:30 M-F).  Either way, the wait and slightly higher price ($9-10/sandwich) is absolutely worth it.  Ike's will not disappoint.
PpocyUGwybNxlthex_eb8w	In late 2009 I consulted with several Bay Area doctors about rhinoplasty and Dr. Most was by far the one I was most comfortable with. I really liked the fact that his office is at Stanford Hospital and that he specializes in head and neck surgeries. He has a creative eye and strives for perfection, yet thoroughly explained that the body can heal in unexpected ways and it's impossible to guarantee a perfect outcome. Don't let that scare you though, as all surgeons will tell you that (or they should). Throughout all of my appointments Dr. Most never appeared rushed and his staff was great. The examination rooms were very clean and orderly. Surgery went as planned and I recovered as expected. It's been 1.5 years since the surgery and I am very happy with the results.When it's time for a facelift I know where I'm going!
T398DbPQqijoXgpHhVpYIg	I just had Carlos and his crew bartend my wedding. Carlos was AMAZING from the start. He drove over to Moss Beach to see the site, personalized our beer and cocktail menu including homemade sangria, YUM!,  and was incredibly fast to respond to all of my concerns and questions no matter how small. All the while he was super organized. Also, we needed a few extra hands for our wedding reception as we did not hire traditional caterers (see my 5-star review for Mexican Taco Party). There was no task to big or small for Carlos' crew. They made sure water was on tables, they bussed dishes. I would not hesitate to hire them again. In fact, I hope that I soon have another reason to use them!
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	I heard really good things about this place from staff. I went in to seriously buy a used bike at the end of the school year and the staff basically ignored me.I hear they do a great job with service and repair, and they do buy tons of used bikes from students. They just didn't seem that interested in educating or assisting a customer. Still, I would take the bike I got somewhere else here if I needed help with a flat or something.
RYhtdZpUu5mZGxzfe9CipA	Like many reviewers here, I've headed to Taube for the Bank of the West Classic. Absolutely amazing that I can drive just a few miles to watch world-class tennis stars play!  I've sat in just about every section (from the cheap seats to the ones courtside, under the awning) and had a good-to-great view each time.If you're coming, do bring a hat/visor and sunglasses, and do be sure to put sunblock EVERYWHERE. You will definitely get a lot of sun as you watch the game. And do bring cash -- plenty of it -- if you're coming to the BOTW Classic. Concessions are good but pricey.And, they do need better signs for the parking. I had a hard time finding the lot where I was supposed to park this year. The event staff were as helpful as they could be, but it still took a bit more ambling around than I would've wished.
8fgiuFMuN5yfoALzts-K7w	Great outdoor venue.  Perfect for a family style outing.  I took my dad here to see Kenny Loggins with some family/friends.  Terraced, grassy 'seating' just begs for a picnic blanket to be spread out over it.  Like other people point out, this place is really underutilized.  Why aren't there more concerts here?  Damn it, why did all the good stuff have to stop right when I moved in next door?
LTFb-ij3TDTo_pDZYmUPxQ	Simply put, this place is one I usually go to out of convenience.  There's a lot of variety and stations, and since I've been to all of them, I figure I'd give you my two cents worth on each one:MEXICAN / PANINIThe thing you should get here is the quesadilla.  Normally, Nexus gets crowded, and if you want something fast, get this.  It's suprisingly tasty and always my go-to food here.  I got it so much one week that the guy knew what I was going to order.  Needless to say, I gained a few pounds that week.  The Panini's are alright, but get the quesadilla...trust me.ASIAN Only rice bowls here.  Funny thing is that they assigned the asian guy to this station because apparently only asian people know how to assemble rice bowls.  They have a set of 3 bowls per week, but a mainstay is teriyaki chicken, which isn't too shabby.GRILLThe burgers are alright but THERE'S ALWAYS A HUGE LINE HERE.  Not because it's popular, but because the guy is slow.  One time, I waited 10 minutes in front of the line just to order.  But...the food isn't bad here if you're craving burgersSPECIAL OF THE DAYThis changes.  Usually I come here first to see what's being served.  I believe every Monday is Indian food, which gives you a crap ton of food.  Really tasty.  Sometimes you luck out and get something super fancy.  AND you get two sidesSALADNot much to say hereSALAD/SANDWICH/ SOUP BarGood selection.  My favorite thing to put in my salad is the tofu with soy sauce and cilantro.  Simple, yet delish.  ADVICE!  If you can wait til 1 pm or after, go then.  It's way too crowded around noon, especially during the summer with all the interns and such.--Pchris
oLVKX7yWg7UcdekDGkfpfw	My favorite part of the visit is easily missed. There is a semi-enclosed round stone bench on the exterior western part of Memorial Church. We did not sit. The inscriptions* on the ground held my interest:~ For the troubled may you find peace~ For the despairing may you find hope~ For the lonely may you find love~ For the skeptical may you find faith~ 1941 Frances C. Arrillaga 1995 The architecture and grounds are beautiful and grand, but this circular bench is a serene piece of sanctuary.* Photos have been uploaded.
FJDHvlAOsyswzQWzRKRatQ	I love Bytes Cafe!  When I need a place to meet with friends and and co-workers in the morning, I always go to Bytes.  They make very good latter and for me I always get a special treat with a cup of warm milk to go with it.  Jeff, the owner, is very nice.  His staff are also very friendly and provide excellent services.  I went there many time for lunch and they serve good sandwich and salad there.
5gbkhlWANGVzQYi_0m3vOQ	I would give a NEGATIVE 5 stars to the annoying woman who took my call. She was extremely rude and it was so uncalled for. There are definitely some friendly and knowledgeable employees here; however, AVOID the crabby 40 year old woman at all costs!Tip: Make sure you reserve your road bike early, they sell out fast. Also they have great deals for daily hybrid and mountain bike rentals (only $25!). Your rental will come with a helmet too.
rdmt6-wOEv_wYKHFdgWaHw	I've hired Stanford's twice now and have loved working with them. Andy bar-tended for my last party and was GREAT. Friendly, skilled, fun and really good from start to end. Would hire them in a second again.
mi6raRWQboj29_hGUo01jg	$10.75 for a crappy salad and drink? No thanks... One kind of green to pick from: Romaine. How exciting. And it was chopped too big. Very limited selection of add ins (maybe 9 total). All the veggies looked like they were out of a can. And the poor girl serving me looked like she wanted to die. Second star is only because the fresh made dressing they had was pretty good. Anyone who gives this place more than two stars on Yelp should have their accounts removed. And be given a fresh carrot so they know what vegetables are supposed to taste like.
ad8cXN5pYhs8EtSUat5WpA	The World According to Noelle~Allergic Girl's Guide to Life~My world stopped the day I found out my mother was diagnosed with a rare form of Cancer. A Cancer that maybe four people out of one million could be affected. I quit my job. I took her to all of her chemotherapy and radiation treatments at the Stanford Cancer Center. I know the SCC like the back of my hand.The Stanford Cancer Center first opened in March of 2004, my mother was one of the first patients received for treatments at this facility. I remember the balloons, daffodils and orchids, the free SCC sliver tins with mints. Upon entering the building one will notice the high ceilings and warm earthy tones. One cannot help but notice the soothing music played on the piano in the lobby area. In other sections of the SCC one will see someone playing the harp.Level One:    * Cancer Clinics (A - F)    * Concierge / Patient Navigator    * Cyber Cafe    * Health Library    * Information    * Laboratory    * Pharmacy    * Radiation Oncology    * Radiology / Mammography    * Cafe Saulte Second Level:    * Administration and Physician Offices    * Apheresis Treatment Area    * Boutique (scheduled to open later this year)    * Clinical Trials Office    * Conference Center    * Infusion Treatment Area (Oncology - Hematology -       Bone Marrow  Transplantation)    * Meditation Room Garden Level:    * Access to Lucile Packard Children's Hospital    * Radiation Oncology Administration and Physics    * Radiation Therapy    * Zen garden and fountain The SCC is a 150,000-square-foot facility- beautifully designed. There are comfortable seating patient areas in the clinic area as well as the lab area on level one. Everything is clean and modern with the newest technology. What is most appealing is how the widows allow the light to enter the building creating a calming experience for people undergoing Cancer treatments and for their family members that are there in support. Everyone at this facility from the bottom to top does their best and is compassionate and quite successfully meets the needs of the patients and the family members. In my efforts to do research on my mother's rare form of Cancer I was able to go to the library on the first floor and gather information. At the Cancer library I gave the name of my mother's cancer and they prepared a package that was ready for me the next day. I also was able to pick up a few cookbooks from the SCC Library and whipped up a few dishes for my mom to try.I remember the many times my mother and I would spend in the Infusion Center on the second level. My mom would sit in a comfortable reclining chair, sometimes I would sit on a comfy chair or the couch/bench and we would watch television together. Each infusion station comes with its very own flat screen television so the patient can watch television. The awesome thing about the Infusion Center is the fact its open Monday through Sunday- in the evenings and on holidays.  Where to eat on-site:Cafe Salute serves hot paninis, organic salads, sushi, soup, pasta, espresso drinks, italian sodas. For breakfast you will find fruit, danishes and many other pastries. Operating Hours for Cafe Salute:    * Monday - Friday          7:00am - 5:30pm    * Saturday and Sunday  CLOSED Pharmacy Info: Walgreens Pharmacy at the Stanford Cancer CenterHours of Operation:Mon - Fri       8:00am - 7:00pmSaturday       9:00am - 3:00pmSunday         ClosedPhone:         (650) 838-0429Valet:Is offered at a low cost. There are free wheelchairs available and the Valets will kindly get one for anyone being treated at the SCC. This service is awesome- especially on rainy days.Better than the television show Grey's Anatomy- and yes its true more handsome real life versions of McDreamy and McSteamy work here : ) The Bay Area is God's Country- Wonderful medical facilities like the SCC, great weather, many different cultures and last but not least Yelp HQ in the City by the Bay.My mother survived my mad or bad (lol) driving skills as we frequented the SCC for almost a year for her treatments. My mother is a Cancer survivor and I contribute that to her positive outlook on life even in the most challenging circumstances. Mom- you're my best friend & hero, for everything you've taught me in life I am deeply thankful and I love you.Noelle's Notes:I am truly grateful to the doctors, nurses and staff that make Cancer treatments at the SCC a positive experience both for the patient and their family.Noelle's Post Secret:Mama, mama you're the Queen of my heartYour love is likeTears from the starsMama, I just want you to knowLovin you is like food to my soulhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7W75O-x2C3s
GX6YV2sORHR7tOma3mcYfw	I work in Palo Alto and stumbled upon this channel. So happy that I did. The music is fantastic and the range of music is incredible. I was suffering from POP poison and now I feel alive again. ;)Recently, David Bug led a 4-hr show and again, I couldn't believe how incredible the range of music was, that all the music was good, and it all worked together. Very impressive.
BZ6ru-mhQqE4hcn9YerGdw	I have been going to field trips to this place A lot. I like to see the Stanford lively arts program.  most of my friends and I love the guy who comes and teaches everyone a new word. its a pretty desent theater. I have seen better but I still think its pretty good
s_tdDVHRVUn4aopjgxNSYw	The only reasons I frequent Ray's are because it's located very close to my apartment and it's open later than most everything else on campus. More often than not, I would rather eat dinner at CoHo, Coupa Cafe, or Axe and Palm before heading home in order to avoid eating at Ray's.Pros: Ray's has a large variety of foods, including Mexican, Asian, and American (burgers). They give generous portions for a good price (especially compared to nearby eateries in Palo Alto). They also serve well as a pub: they serve loaded nachos, hot wings, beer, and wine.Cons: Almost everything on the menu is terribly greasy, salty, and/or swimming in sauce. The fried rice is the saltiest thing I've eaten in recent memory. There are very few healthy/balanced options. The teriyaki bowls have too much rice and don't have enough vegetables. The coffee and espresso drinks are very weak and tasteless.Recommendation: The fish (or chicken) burrito bowl is the healthiest non-vegetarian option on the menu. It's pretty good, until you start to eat it five days a week.In summary, as someone who is trying to watch what he eats, I'd rather go elsewhere. If you have a good metabolism and/or don't mind eating greasy food, the chicken club sandwich and the chicken (or steak) quesadilla are pretty tasty.
002slNgnEtAvsNYFLw7rGA	I've taken golf lessons on and off my entire life and never seemed to progress, but Jim Miller has shown me the light.  Jim's instruction is methodical and he really gives you a framework to think about your swing... I'm smitten.
oPhEWzf66hsHbzKEq2Ok6g	Love this place!  Why?  1) It is super fast (the soup nazi is very efficient; the menu is simjple and consistent; almost no one knows about it).  2) It is tasty (LOVE the shrimp noodle soup and veggie curry).  3) It is about as cheap as Stanford gets (everything is $6; the servings for the specials are pretty large so I can sometimes make 2 meals out of it).  4) Its got style.  There is a hole in the wall. You approach it.   A lady takes your money.  Two minutes later, you get your food.  Style.So, its awesome.
QYUZD1Tn0UzrTbUG08lpiw	Note: PRIVATE CLUBWhy not 5 stars?  Purely because I'm bitter.  I've played this course more times than I can count over the years.  Anyone who has played this course long enough will already know why I'm upset.  The Sand Hill Road travesty.This is an unbelievable course.  It requires BOTH great shot-shaping abilities and a long game.  The 12th for example, requires you to bomb your tee shot (473 yard, Par 4) to carry a creek.  Once you've managed that, there's the minor detail of a huge tree smack in the middle of the fairway.  Plenty of holes have their own interesting details.  The 1st requires you to hit across a busy road.  (Don't worry, I've never seen anyone hit a car.)  My favorite is the 13th.  Best adivce on that hole: put it on the green, hit it long, skull it so far past the green it embeds in the hill behind, but whatever you do, DON'T end up short!  Plenty of beautiful views.  My favorite by far is the 18th where, on a clear day, you can see the entire Bay area.  So, what is the Sand Hill travesty?  Holes 3 and 4 were completely changed a couple of years ago.  They are now back-to-back Par 3s.  This was done in order to allow the city to widen Sand Hill Road.  For those who never played here before, you'll never know the difference and probably would give it 5 stars.  I'm just bitter...
z14ezmDNQDqdE8MXcygyeA	I used to absolutely LOVE thai cafe.  I've been eating here for years... but hadn't made it out since they reopened.  I'd been craving their veggie curry or their saute, so I went to meet a friend hoping to get one of those.... no such luck.  I ordered their vegetarian noodle special and couldn't eat it, and neither could my friend who came along with me.  It seriously was a mix of ramen and linguine noodes with frozen chopped vegetables and way too much seasoning added.  Such a sad waste of food.  We threw out two whole orders and walked to coupa to get something there instead.I will go back on a Tuesday/Thursday to see if their curry is still as good as I remember.  I hope I can update with more stars than one.
pfHICN67xeftkMIJyrvsIQ	They have delicious White Peach Pear tea from Tea Forte here. Yummy food. Really great menu items and it's in a convenient spot right next to the 24 hour library where I study.Friendly cashier too.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	Breakfast: decent selection (bagels, egg sandwiches), ok prices.  I am underwhelmed by their coffee.Lunch: decent sandwich selection, ok prices.  During the summer there is sometimes a BBQ.  I was disappointed by the tri-tip sandwich, and tri-tip is my favorite piece of cow.  I don't know if I'll be giving the BBQ a second chance for a burger or anything.It is the closest food to me, but unfortunately the meat smell coming out their back door into my hallway becomes overwhelming.  If I was suffocated by them regularly, I would eat here more.
72s2b4tegZYAV3R0gFzLUQ	I lived and worked in Palo Alto for years. And always loved the campus. I did not attend Stanford but my husband went to Business School there so I've spent a good deal of time there over the years.The campus is gorgeous. Truly. I love running through the campus and on the track. The school does a lot for Palo Alto and the town has a fun college feel to it (was nice long before all the VCs and internet companies arrived.)I'm sure there are other gorgeous campuses. I'm sure there are other schools that do a lot for their towns. But they are hard-pressed to compete with Stanford.
jotP6mdocZYKsEGU4gA69Q	I am worried about writing this review for fear of ruining my chances of getting an Ike's sandwich without a wait, BUT the truth must be told!!Today, Sunday, I went to Stanford, parked FOR FREE (haha, Sunday FTW), found Ikes in about one minute by walking INTO the quad area and then towards the area with all of the tables, noticed there was NO LINE (at around 1:00, no less), ordered a WHOLE sandwich from one of the friendly dudes behind the counter, and was eating in about 10 minutes. Perfect. Delicious. Easy.Maybe its because I went on a Sunday, and my expectation (as it always is) of having to go onto Stanford campus would be that I would have to wade my way through a sea of douchy bicyclists and get lost before having to pay for looking at a tree for too long, but this trip was overwhelmingly easy (and waay more convenient than the much more awkwardly located Redwood Shores location). I wouldn't doubt that these sandwiches are more expensive, but what do you expect? It is Palo Alto, after all. But whatever, haters are gonna hate, and I'm gonna get my grub on regardless.
AAPHYuxfRPexatXyty-kww	Quite a bummer. They were out of almost everything on the day I was there (From several toppings to yogurt varieties).  The staff was short with customers/seemed stressed but - they were busy.  Their hard work/short turn around time bumped this up to 2 stars (even though roll out time was faster since there weren't many options available.)The yogurt was nothing to write home about. Next time I'll go to one of the MANY other yogurt shop down University.
nkwXwdf6t0SKFp6VWF4OlQ	The grass fed burger!!!!!  Nuff Said.  Everything is so fresh here!  I have only eaten the burger on 3 seperate occasions, but it's why I go.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	Carlos is a friend of mine, but there's no bias here - he puts on a great show.  Party after party, Carlos and his team show up with a smile, a great selection of alcohol, and professional bartenders who concoct delicious cocktails, complete with a cherry on top (literally).
Kt1Q8VJLn9CAqeH_o0ybKg	Fat and delicious.
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Super delicious with tasty microbrew soda. Stopped giving free chips in exchange for dropping the price. Still pricey though, but fills you up.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	One of the more unusual lunch experiences I've had since coming to work at Stanford, NetAppetit looks at first like your average roach coach.  You know the ones I'm talking about, the big white vans that pull up in office parking lots and other public places announcing their arrival with the aid of an obnoxious horn.  Like I said, this is different --- first of all you board this one.  It turns out NetAppetit is a buffet on wheels. Once inside the vehicle, grab a lunch box and serve yourself from two rows of Asian inspired foods --- there are rich spicy Thai curries and filling Indian Samosas as well as teriyaki chicken and Korean beef.  There are also vegetarian options including tofu and a wide variety of vegetables. Buffet (up to 32oz) is $4.50 (vegetarian) or $5.50 (non-vegetarian). Light lunch buffet ($0.20/oz) also is an option. Bottled water and sodas are an additional $0.50/each.It turns out this place has a noble cause behind it as well ---  to fund various food programs for refugee children in Asia. You can catch NetAppetit Mon-Fri. from approximately 12-1:30pm in front of the Humanities Center just behind Tressidder Memorial Student Union.
TXTg2Q1mnf_kbewJs2XhPA	The thing about Olives is...  it's just not that good.  I go there when I'm feeling too lazy to walk all the way to Fraiche or Coupa for coffee.  But seriously, NOT a great place to grab a snack.If you go there for lunch, fine--the falafel, hummus, etc., are decent.  But if you go there any other time of day, expect to wait in line for a "meh" cup of coffee or an overpriced pre-made sandwich.  (And can I just mention that there are tomatoes in EVERY kind of sandwich, EVEN the egg salad?  Yuck!)  The pre-packaged fresh rolls are so-so, and also overpriced.I suspect this place wouldn't do great business if it wasn't so conveniently located.
Me_toy60w_5RuAPgr1FVOw	All of the $5 specials are incredible!Best idea:get the 3 macro side dishes + a soupAlso, the 1/2 panini with side of vegetables is a great deal.Don't be tempted by the salad bar-- it's way overpriced.The prepared meals are better than your average cafeteria fare, but be prepared to wait in long lines if you go during "rush" hour. (right around noon)Best place to eat on campus!
2Sglga1mooQwZDjlwXZQLQ	It's not bad for Stanford campus dining, and the prices are reasonable compared to other eateries nearby (Clark Center, Museum).  I would give it about 3 and a half stars.  Recommend the sandwiches over salads (the Cuban is solid).  The pizzas are also pretty good but the wait is long.They also have pretty good coffee.  The line gets really really long around lunch time is my biggest complaint.  They also only accept credit cards on purchases over 5 dollars.
sBTQA8D1zg9eqRO-j7jQjQ	I got a $140 textbook from the bookstore that I found used on Amazon for $20. When I tried to return it, they said you could only return textbooks within 7 days of the start of classes, but their store policy clearly states that you can return items within 30 days of purchase, and I had previously confirmed that you could return, particularly, a textbook within 30 days with this policy with a store clerk. They were less than accommodating.
OIz8dTBZx9oXUfnPFYgVbQ	I stop in nearly every morning, the employees are super friendly and the espresso drinks are excellent (regular coffee is just okay). For everyone who likes lattes, I highly recommend ordering the marrón for that extra punch of espresso. Also, you should get the Coupa card and put several dollars, like $50 or so, on it so that you don't have to reload every other day. Overall, I love having this place on campus, especially since they have and train some of the best Batistas around.
0RlFhjjlEpGPju0faFe9TQ	Before I tried it I doubted any sandwich was worth an hour wait. Seriously, 30 minutes to place an order and 30 minutes to receive it. Wow was I surprised... The sandwich was great so good I was back later the same week. Do yourself a favor and call in your order or use the iPhone app, it'll speed the experience up. My favorite, the Lincecum. Oh yes, I'll be back again and again...
S91kz40EtAo3AKUrDyEeDg	Alright lets get to the point. The food choices have gone from a wide selection that was posted on a chalk board to a menu you can fit on the back of a business card. The atmosphere reflects this, the place is a ghost town compared to last year.If you want burgers and fries or chicken fingers, go there. Is the service better? Sure but how can it not be better if there are less items and less people. Save yourself some trouble and head elsewhere if you're looking for a culinary treat.If you're a risk taker try their sushi in the near by open air refrigerator. Indigestion... mmmmm.
cpeu5gTaE8fU8-zZfKJcpg	Delicious! They also have a sweet deal at this location. From 3pm until close they throw in a free chips and canned soda (or bottled water) when you order a full sandwich. Tons of high quality ingredients and super fresh veggies. When I feel gluttonous I get the Pizzle, but I usually get one of their many veggie options.
8c53BdBWPcbioN3WZJWdCA	this may be my favorite peet's experience thus far.  everytime i visit this campus i end up at this peet's having tea.  the random conversations i end up in with absolute strangers is really quite remarkable.  i think the staff here may possibly be the smartest baristas i've ever encountered as well.
spKtx7FlbbAHFAJpu4R5zg	Bytes Cafe, you are pretty worthless as a college eatery. Yes, your salads and sandwiches are tasty. Yes, you're great for lunch in between 11 am and 1 pm classes. But you have the Worst. Hours. Ever. Do you not realize that you live in the Packard EE Building? As in, "where fun goes to die." As in, the place you walk in at sunset and walk out of at sunrise. Your friend MIT knows that the way to the EE student's heart is through her open-24-hours stomach. And caffeine-carrying veins. You, on the other hand, are not so bright. You close at 5 pm on the dot. The only thing left to console the poor kid is overly salty Sun Chips from the vending machine. Everything else that's open late (Stern, Roble, and Treehouse) is way too far for someone preoccupied with debugging some sad circuit.The whole situation is just so tragic, it belongs in a Sophocles play.
P5bUL3Engv-2z6kKohB6qQ	Met the owner of the bar last night at the A's game and he invited us down for the Italy-Germany world cup game. Being an Italy fan it was great to find out that he's Italian and his friends and family were going to be there watching the game. Since it's on the Stanford campus in the graduate center, there was a huge crowd of Stanford students with a good split of Germany and Italy fans. The place was absolutely packed (which I'm sure is not normal when the school year is out) and they had Guinness on tap so it was formula for  a great time.Cool little campus bar which I'll definitely check out again due to the owners friendliness and hospitality.Italia wins 2-0! Go ITALIA
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	My bf and I enjoyed lunch at this cute outpost of the downtown PA staple (it's an outdoor kiosk with a few tables), but it was nothing super exceptional.   It's on the cheap side - sandwiches and crepes are mostly in the $6, although beverages and pastries run $2-$3 which is a bit of a rip-off.   My bf liked but didn't love his chicken chipotle sandwich, and I felt similarly about my turkey/asparagus/sun-dried tomato crepe.  I did appreciate that they let me substitute mozzarella cheese for cream cheese for free.  The turkey was just sliced deli meat and there wasn't much asparagus.  Portions were fairly small, but again, it's cheap and we were there for lunch so it wasn't a big deal.  I also had a chocolate mini-muffin ($1) which was pretty yummy.    There was a Belgian waffle with chocolate, strawberries and bananas for $5.50 (!) so I may have to come back and try that...
V-k7n9pKPPX9vP-HrjoHcQ	As a mom, spending quality time with my family is important. The Bay Area offers a slew of entertainment options and is a competitive market when it comes to professional and amateur sports. What's key is finding things to do that are fun and affordable. Stanford Athletics offers so many events for the family to enjoy. And, what makes Stanford unique is the number of FREE events offered.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	There's not many options on the Main Quad for food, so I stop by here when I happen to have cash. Even though the line looks really long, it goes really quickly - have never waited more than 5-10 minutes.My fave is the BBQ pork salad. Very fresh tasting and little spicy. Sometimes they put too many peanuts on it, but I'm a little afraid of asking for any alterations to the food!I've also had the shrimp soup (good but very salty) and the peanut salad (whoa peanut overload).  So pluses - cheap, fast, fresh food. Minuses - no room for customization, limited variety, not good for those with peanut allergies.
ehFO2nQ9phblTO17XcaI2g	Really only accessible if you are a student/faculty/on campus, but just a really familiar place to go for meeting up with friends for a chat.Went here several times while an undergrad. Toasted bagel with cream cheese was GREAT. I've had their mocha and hot chocolate and they were good for those long, cold nights of studying at Green Library. They also hold small music events there with the Stanford Concert Network, as of this past year. Staff is really nice. Wish there was a little more shelter when it was cold at midnight. Also, they don't really have items that are substantial enough for a full meal, but  they have a variety of snack items.
TbjFvek74Qrg7qAuxZ9OPw	Easily the best food on campus. The owners of the Axe and Palm are quaking in their boots.If (once?) they start serving whole sandwiches, I'll probably bump up my rating to 5.
Cwez3jlrUypoY1aPbWElew	This is a pretty good place. Has most of the things that Coupa in downtown PA does except for the huge dessert selection (which I don't really mind). If you're studying at Green, they don't really like any food/ coffee in there so you do have to finish it before you go in.One thing they do have here which they do not in downtown PA are these amazing parfaits (they only have one type of parfait and they're usually sold out towards the end of the day). The yogurt is a little on the sour side (i think its greek yogurt or something along thise lines) and the grape and the candied walnut come together to make it the only parfait I actually spend money on.A little tip to people who don't already know. If you're at Green carving expresso/ coffee, don't want to walk too much, Meyer has this Coupa expresso machine which takes credit cards (with a camera watching your move) where they have double expressos and all that good stuff.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	For me, the verdict is still out on the Law School Cafe. A sort of non-descript little place, it left me with a rather bland impression. While I enjoyed my salmon wrap and I appreciated all the freshly made choices I had to select from for lunch, there was absolutely nothing so compelling about the place it made me feel I have to return in the near future.  The patio area was nice. The food was nice.  The staff was nice. Nothing screamed, "WOW!"
gfyW0vuJls8ARoHmogfcmw	It's nice to not have to go all the way up to SF ... except the line can be totally insane when the students are around during peak hours.  If you work on campus, it's a great location, but it's otherwise a little tougher to get to than the Redwood shores location.  Bread - go for Dutch Crunch.  I'm not a mayo fan; therefore, I'm not a big Ike's sauce fan, either.  I love chicken, so Menage a Tois (bbq sauce, honey, many cheeses) and [Name of the girl I'm dating] with avocado and bbq sauce and pepperjack are my favorites.  For a healthier, more decadent one, go for the vegetarian meatball sub.  The eggplant is the other vegetarian you shouldn't miss.  Everyone else in the group went for the Lincecum, though.You can order ahead to avoid the madness there!  It's kind of like the sandwich nazi...
a-cCfp-QF_Xw9sW3sKdanQ	I simply love Ikes place sandwiches. I have had kryptonite twice so far and love it to death. The dirty sauce is definitely great to have in your sandwich. I have had Hot Mamma Huda sandwich as well and it was really good as well.  Kryptonite was totally worth the long lines and wait.
o-t-i7nbT5N_cmkCXs5oDQ	Some of my friends swear Nexus Cafe is the best lunch spot on Stanford campus... I suppose this doesn't really mean much, given the dearth of good or cheap places to eat on campus. For all my friends' raves, I don't particularly like it. They have a relatively wide food selection: pasta, pizza, Asian dishes (generally noodles or meat over rice), and somewhat more fancy American food. None of it is particularly tasty, though, and it is generally overpriced if you are on a student budget. I have never tried the salad, although I hear it may be the best option there. I'm just disappointed with this place... I'd rather go to Thai Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/YmupeGDFKFLPfPUAe6aarQ#hrid:OexXt3XQLFW5pAD0cle35g) where at least the food has taste.
0IljwtiV93UX9ZmSLS0PkQ	Me and my girlfriend and I went to Ray's Grill and we had a few drinks and some chicken salad the food was delicious and the price was reasonable
HiZGg29YdMJ7-GB4jepRIw	John Arrillaga.I met you in the airport once, and you noticed I was wearing a Stanford Soccer sweatshirt. You asked me if I played soccer at Stanford, and I said, "Why yes, yes I do." You then introduced yourself as John Arrillaga.I almost had a heart attack.Here is my many thank yous, combined into one, for the wonderful sports complex that housed my locker room, training room, fitness center, JIMMY V'S burritos and salad bar (!!!), awards banquets, and not to mention the Stanford pool adjacent to the main building where I was able to work on my tan.Many memories were shared here, from me dancing around in our locker room to fixing whatever ailment earned in the last practice or game and having those really deep conversations with other student athletes in the TR (aka catching up on the latest gossip from the last party or "formal").Let's see, what building or structure is next on campus for review?
vTgnhH84AzZiYE3r8M-Tcg	A couple weeks ago I was trying to be a weekday vegetarian, where you are a vegetarian during weekdays and return to your carnivorous self during the weekend. Thank goodness for Ike's! I ordered a vegetarian Captain Corey. Having only tried their meat options in the past, I fully expected Captain Corey to be a lesser, albeit still pretty good, version of their meat sandwiches. Boy was I surprised! The "chicken" was chewy and crunchy. The orange glaze, dirty sauce and avocado, together with the "chicken" gave the sandwich a really hearty taste. And then there were the chips and the lollipop! For a few hours, I thought that I might be able to convert to a full-time vegetarian, but then... well that's a different review.Parking & finding this place can be a hassle on weekdays, but good news: Ike's is now open on Sundays (when parking is free and few students are in this part of campus)!
zHwMje-iDiNl7v5WPSRlIA	Why would you go to Panda Express in Tressider when you can come here! Or.. into the TRUCK!I went here for the first time the other day after walking past it NUMEROUS times. I don't care for food trucks. I've felt they were always overrated and hyped by a bunch of... Well I don't want to be negative. Anywho, there's an asian lady outside always counting her money. CASH ONLY. She is nice though, don't hesitate to ask her whats going on in that truck of hers. It's not a party, its just a bunch of people ready to get their eat on because there is so many different varieties in there. It's all you can eat, all you can grab that is priced by how fat it is on the scale. Come try it, it isn't bad at all. AND the drinks are only 50cents! Compared to what they charge at other places, this is a steal.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	The first and - thus far - only Peet's I have visited. Good coffee in a killer location, even if the Stanford campus has other good choices for coffee (CoHo, Moonbeams, etc.) The location in the Clark Center is worth the trip. Sit back and watch the parade of people come in and out.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	WOW! I can't believe such delicious food comes out of a mysterious room in the middle of a hallway! Can't believe that a 30 person line goes by in 5 minutes! This place serves lightening fast food that is tasty and more or less healthy for only $6!! I seriously crave this place if I haven't been in a week or so. I've taken many non-stanford friends here and they all love it!! Pork Salad is my favorite. Some people dislike the Nazi lady and her magically growing boobs but i like her! =D
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	My friend had Stanford students staying at his house and this is when they had no picture ID's so we used to go here all of the time. What a great, great golf course. The best one on the Pennisula. But if you ain't a student or a member forget it. You can't get on.It is also a very long, hard course with hills, valleys, creeks and trees. You will love it if you are lucky enough to play but don't expect to score a low round.But you can just drive up and park your car to get something to eat. The food here is great. Really cheap prices with big portions. I love coming up here and watch the people putt or watch golf on TV while I eat. The coldest cans of soda in the world.They also have a driving range across the street but it's terrible. Crowded, expensive and loud. I never come here to hit balls anymore, too negative for me.
29oUfyEL1by67UR-0Si2zg	The drinks are fine but the cup sizes are ridiculous.  I treated a friend to a mocha last night and he ordered a small...I paid 3.25 for a drink that looked "shot" size.  I honestly thought they made a mistake but before I made an ass out of myself by double checking with cashier I looked up at the menu.  It's overrated and way over priced but when you have no choice, it's better than the fake Peet's.  I do miss Moonbean's.
jTj3U4p3kVmVyCcetjbHIg	Me and my coworkers always talk about Jimmy V's like we're going to a friend's house to eat.The place has a down to earth feeling, Jimmy works at the register sometimes, he talks and laughs with customers, it just feels very homey. Also, the portions are large. I don't think I've ever finished a meal there in one sitting.I love their peanut butter banana milkshakes. I highly recommend them.Overall, down to earth atmosphere, good food, large portions, great prices.Definitely worth a visit.
f2RSGAwvBusH-RPU3MFeyQ	The first time I went, we waited in line for 40 minutes and after ordering it took staff another 30 minutes to bring the food. I thought we had come at a busy time and I should give it a second chance.Worst idea ever! People were cutting the line because they had called in or ordered online (and they needed to pay), while the fools who just. Decided they wanted a sandwich had to wait for the lazy and slow staff to move on and get things going.After 20 minutes, finally get to order... and that's because we only had 3 people in front of us in line.After ordering it took over an hour and half for the food to be ready. Not even in a french restaurant have I waited that long for the food.Summing it all up.... it takes more than 4 people to make a sandwich at Ikes in stanford to get your order in less than an hour. Mind you, this was a Sunday midafternoon... safeway would've been faster and just as good.
X_DkwPTzdO_VWzUcbUXREg	Stanford doesn't even need a review. If you step onto campus, you'll know what I'm talking about. The university is big so don't expect everything to be walking distance, but the architecture and layout is just breathtaking. As a student, it was like getting a first class education at a first class resort. Why I decided to graduate and move on is beyond me.
o9Ye_zhWAD7NlcAETpC-Vw	This review pertains to the vegan options at the Stanford location.As another reviewer said, I'm disappointed that Ike's advertised something as vegan that wasn't (and continues to do so, though they have stopped serving the non-vegan item on vegan sandwiches at the Stanford location). I'd eaten several sandwiches with the veggie chicken, which was advertised as vegan. Then one time I ordered a sandwich which was supposed to have the chicken, but came with the veg turkey instead. The workers there told me the veg chicken they had been using actually wasn't vegan. This had been advertised and served on vegan sandwiches for at least a year, I think. Now Ike's continues to list this meat substitute as vegan, but simply replaces it with a vegan (actually, I believe) turkey when you order a vegan sandwich that is supposed to have the chicken. This is upsetting 1) because they were serving non-vegan food advertised as vegan for quite awhile, when all it takes is one quick check of ingredients to avoid this and 2) because it continues to be advertised as vegan and replaced with an inferior (in my opinion) substitute without warning the customer. I wouldn't order the sandwich I had if I knew I was going to get the fake turkey instead. I don't really understand how this issue happened because Ike's seems sincere in their interest to offer vegan options. They even let you know that some of the bread has honey in it if you try to order a vegan option. I really appreciate their effort to offer vegan options, and don't demand that Ike's offer a vegan chicken, but they really shouldn't continue advertising it and switching it out for vegan turkey. Just take it off the menu as vegan, cmonnnn.
Xh_44mRc5CtjGUBLQaLWXA	I used to like everything coupa cafe but no longer. Their lunch items are not all great and they raised the prices from their original $5 specials for a soup and sandwich. For $7 I just had a horrible soup and sandwich. The soup consisted of frozen veggies in an oily cream sauce and the sandwich was flavorless low quality salmon, slapped together with lettuce that was somewhat rotten and some mayo. Not impressed...
lI-hR8ftiw88t8lLqvsaXQ	The prices are high, but you're paying for quality and all-organic ingredients.  The burgers are delicious...one of the best in the area.  Everything is fresh and organic - right down to the sodas.  Jesse Cool is the owner, and she's all about using the freshest ingredients she can find.I've also enjoyed the pork sandwich (which I think is no longer on the menu...need to verify that).  And the chicken is good, yet slightly dry.The lines can get ridiculously long, as it takes a while for this tiny kitchen to keep up with the demand (hey, Stanford...expand the building for them).  And tables can be hard to come by (have someone save a table while you order).But...I'm telling ya...the food is worth it.  A terrific option for lunch at Stanford.
TlfFhGACbz3Z41dswpxD_Q	worth the price and worth the wait!  dirty sauce all over a sandwich is super!
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	For the combination of price and food choice it's pretty good. Lots of different pizza choices, from fennel as a topping to chicken. I've never seen fennel on a pizza, so that was pretty cool. Lots of great options from wraps/salds (try the duck salad) to the meals. Good atmosphere and it's pretty cheap for a lunch that isn't fast food. Great place on campus.
rirW6EuHIUBY3NrKIrE0Kw	3.5 stars rounded up to a 4I'm a fan of their food. Their Latin salad and pizzas are pretty darn good. I hear their breakfast burrito and soups are great too. The Latin salad is very filling, much more so than I thought a salad could be. They add a lot of fresh veggies, corn and it's tasty too!  Not bad for on-campus dining.As for their drinks, they leave something to be desired. Their regular coffee is pretty good but the other specials that I've tried are not. Stay away from the mochas and avoid the chai lattes. The mochas have an artificial taste (probably due to syrup). Save the money and calories for a much much better mocha at a cafe that starts with a C about 2 min away. The chai latte did not taste like chai for the most part. It tasted like non-fat milk. I'd stay clear of fancier drinks at Bytes but the food and regular coffee make up for it.
duFP2mFpWc-qc21T5XKvNg	I hate that I had to go here.But I'm so happy that this is where I went.  This is one of the premier cancer centers in the country and in the world and everything there lives up to the reputation.I hope never to be back.~ 5 stars overall - how can it be any less?# 243
Ud6j2HN40qEhycq2PuwcBA	I didn't attend Stanford but I must say that it's a beautiful campus...somehow the driveway into the main campus area with the palm trees lining the side is like something out the movies. Beautiful campus church and courtyards.
8yJwzY5kRfRTqg5UdoMAsA	Friendly tips for visitors unfamiliar with the Stanford campus:- Parking on campus is free on the weekends. The closest parking is PARKING STRUCTURE 2. The following directions will be assuming you will park at this structure. (Just google map 475 Via Ortega for directions to get you to the parking structure)- As you exit the structure there will be a white building right in front of you. Look for a breezeway/arcade/open underground open hallway. Start walking down that hallway. - On the left there will be courtyard. Start walking in the courtyard and towards 475 Via Ortega on your right. - If you find yourself in a fancy cafeteria and smell garlic, you have arrived.I went on a Sunday thirty minutes before closing and there a good amount of people still ordering. It took about 20 minutes before our order was ready. I got the half 'Ex-Boyfriend' and it was pretty delicious. It's definitely not a 'Subway, Eat Fresh Sandwich', but more of a cheat day sandwich.
kS1MQHYwIfD0462PE61IBw	really small store front inside the brand new engineering building.  no signage yet.  easiest to park at the structure at via ortega and panama (only 1st floor visitor parking), then walk across the street.  then, if you pass coupa cafe, it's directly across on the other wing of the building opposite side.  the menu is pretty complete111 menage a trois, either half or full size, get fruit or chips with itflavors were there, but the dutch crutch wasn't toasted enough.it'll be improving i'm sure, but by then the lines will be very longsigns up, lunch line starts building at 11 AMthis time had the 1/2 spiffy tiffy -- still so yummylove the wet sandwiches but wonder the calories!
vqE64xsC_nK3nV2TrQ7vAQ	Conversation, Yelp fashion!Stella T: Mom, I want to go to Stanford.Mom T: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA.She then patted my head and walked away.I think the fact that I've wanted to go here since I was a little girl says a lot. I just .. ask for a ride up to Stanford and sit up in front of the church and stare. The campus is beautiful. The students are friendly. Albeit nerdy, but friendly. How about another random conversation?Me: "Nice laptop bag. Where'd you get it?"Him: "Yeah, got it at BestBuy's. Cheap, but nice."Me: "So do you go here?"Him: "Yeah. Stanford for graduate school."Me: "Will you marry me?"Him: "What's your name?"My theory is ... if I don't end up here, I'll marry someone that does.I know, I know. I'm naive. But .. I can dream, right?I went here for a choir concert. The church is beautiful too. Sort of creepy, but pretty. Their bells ring at random intervals of the day. Imagine if you were walking late at night! I don't know. I love Stanford. Another biased review.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	Service: not very friendly, sorta pretentious almost.Food: pretty tasty, but expensiveish.  The selection is pretty much similar stuff to other places on campus- salads made with spring mix, panini, etc.- perhaps a bit more inspired with more local ingredients.  Only particularly unique thing I saw was gazpacho. And a big "whaaattt?":  our nutburger had tomatoes on it that still had the _sticker_ on it.  I of course didn't notice until too late because it was buried in the sandwich.  I should've checked to see if it was organic like advertised. :P Ambiance: crowded.Very casual business lunch place maybe, not a standby.
Vuh2TzMfPp0OwC8gMpRuww	staff was friendly but a little slow
dpin73DvJn-IvKUNj_ZxCA	The sandwiches are terrific -- but definitely small (unless you sport around 9-10 bucks for the full).  Really flavorful and creative.  But this is a campus of busy folks, and Ike's is so slow and full of attitude that it's not worth it.Seriously?  45 minutes for a sandwich?  I say this after multiple visits, and others have noted the same in reviews.  Do not go here during the lunch hour unless you want to eat a bag of chips and wait almost an hour for your next course (which will be delicious, but tinged with frustration).Also, the staff are not very friendly.  We waited so long that we had to ask for our sandwiches to be put in a bag to go.  This simple task took another ten minutes to accomplish.  Outrageous.  And not even a hint of apology.
eHLMv9sBlw6kwCYV27_HAw	A great place to watch baseball. Quaint and down to earth.
D_7rCwBDL5oQayXvfriwgg	My first time at Ike's, after hearing so much about the Dirty sauce and their SF crowd problems.  This location doesn't have the line, so i'm glad about that.  However, if you're not a Stanford student, you would have to park at their parking structure and pay $0.75 per half hour.The sandwich itself was good, Dirty sauce was good and savory.  I got the Pizzle and overall it's a good sandwich, though if you're a big eater, the full sandwich size won't exactly fill you up.  I'd definitely recommend to try this place once, though not sure if I'm willing to make the drive just to get another fix.
_fGysU48tncAdUlJHbMwXw	Ike's at Stanford? No way. This is much better than driving all the way up to the city for a sandwich, not that I would do such a thing. This Stanford location is just Ike's lite. It does have a trimmed down menu, but you still can order online/phone and have the awesome sandwiches.The one thing that's awesome about this location in comparison to the SF one is that the wait is incredibly shorter. Since it's on campus, you don't have a huge crowd, which shortens your wait to 5-10 minutes.My personal favorites are the menage a trois and the we're just friends. The halal chicken is not too dry, but the key to my heart is the sauce they use here. It's straight up a one way ticket to clutch city. You don't get free chips with your sandwich, but they still give you the caramel apple pop. As far as drinks go, they do have that real deal sugar cane soda. None of that corn syrup crap here. You get the legit Pepsi and other sodas. Epic sandwiches, awesome location, no crowd. What more can you ask for?
awY9ufaTaRazmQkttn_RMg	Very excited that Ike's has come to campus.  Came before the lunch rush and walked right up.  The staff was great and had some good suggestions.  Ike was out introducing himself.  I had the Ménage à trois -- delicious.  Took the reco on the Dirty Chips "Funky Fusion" - a great combo.  I hear what the other reviewers are saying on the 1/2 and pricing, especially if you are looking for a deal.  BUT... the 1/2 sandwich was the perfect amount of food and I was completely satisfied with my experience.  Good wishes to Ike's new location!
wpvhAD4GNtHhE4iUwiUGiQ	I am in the GSB and this location is not as good as the others on campus.  in fact yesterday a co-worker said their prices are actually higher that the one across the campus.  That is ridiculous to have two different pricing systems and sometimes the coffee has a burnt flavor.  I have switched to straight steamed almond milk for that reason at this location and then use my own coffee in the office.
zQxDUhxKOHdZygnNRZ-4ng	every other asian kid's dream school. it's great for biking around, hanging out, and even learning different things, i attended several lectures here really enjoyed it. wonder why i didn't apply =P
WWnhqRnWWjutMqh-2SzEuQ	Between eating at Thai Cafe, dreaming of Thai Cafe, and minoring in psychology last minute senior year in part because lectures would place me around lunchtime by Thai Cafe, I'd say that Thai Cafe occupied a double-digit percentage of my undergraduate life.  I miss it like a friend, and I've made a point of visiting it at least once each time I've been back to Stanford.I discovered this place freshman year, and have been well over a hundred times (almost every Thursday all four years, and usually at least one more day.  There were a handful of weeks when I lunched here every day Monday-Friday).  My favorite items on the non-rotating menu are the chicken salad and the peanut sauce salad.  The chicken salad comes with amazing egg noodles, shredded chicken, scallions, and peanut over some lettuce.  The dressing is a sweet-and-sour chili sauce that is just spot on with the noodles.  The peanut sauce salad comes with thinner rice noodles and shrimp instead of egg noodles and chicken, and obviously, peanut sauce.  The sauce is very garlicky and has some more kick than the sweet-and-sour of the chicken salad, and sometimes you'll find a little scrap of sharp garlic hiding out in your teeth hours after you eat.  Also, these are called salads, but really they're noodle dishes with a little green on the bottom.Unless they've changed since I graduated, the specials are green curry on Monday, chicken saute and shrimp fried rice on Tuesday, vegetable curry on Wednesday, chicken curry on Thursday, and chicken saute on Friday.  I've tried every one of the specials.  Don't get the chicken saute - Tuesdays and Fridays are strictly salad days for me.  I love garlic, but the chicken saute is overwhelmingly garlicky and just not that good.  The shrimp fried rice is okay, but definitely a skip.The curries are where it's at!  All three are delicious, but my favorite is the chicken curry on Thursdays.  Nice and spicy, and the chicken and the mushrooms and the potato...sooo good.  There were a couple Thursdays when I showed up too late and the curry was sold out for the day - there would not be a day until the following Thursday when I wouldn't think back multiple times on my mistake with utter regret.  Green curry and vegetable curry are almost as good (the butternut squash in the vegetable curry is great), but they don't haunt me in the same way.  I guess it's $6 a dish now?  I think it was $5.50 most of my undergrad career and $5.75 right at the end.  I would usually get a canned Thai iced tea with my meal which would put me at $6.75 or $7 for a pretty filling lunch.  Always had my money and order ready when I made it to the front of the line (which, don't be intimidated by the line!  It goes way fast).  Me and Thai Cafe lady practically breathed together during the whole transaction by the time I graduated.I refuse to call her Thai Nazi!  She's brutally efficient, but I've never seen her be mean to anyone, though I suppose she isn't friendly either.  I will, however, express my surprise that in twenty-some reviews, not one person has mentioned her massive mashed-up fake boobs.  Those things are out of control, and they're so much a part of the Thai Cafe experience that I really kind of miss them!  Will someone let me know how they're doing?Also, I think this is where all the Korean grad students must hang out (makes sense - cheap and spicy), because I swear, 30% of conversation in that courtyard at lunchtime is in Korean, and really, how many of them can there possibly be?
TgCW5tyinPDvZWE5Sqwwgw	This review is on the Sculpture Garden, next to the art museum (Which has free admission everyday of the week) There is "the gates of hell" by Rodin, but the original is in Paris at the D'Orsay. There are a ton of his sculptures in this garden, amongst others. but it's just a great artsy spot for photographing, and just having  a nice leisurely day.
60keUBOnuNHy4jHqqqEwTw	Cool Cafe isn't the cheapest place to find lunch at Stanford, but it's the highest quality.  The food is all orgainic, sandwiches and soups and salads.  The smoked trout sandwich is tasty, and the burger is the best on campus. If you work on campus, it might behoove you to call your order in and pick it up, as they do attract a lengthy lunchtime line.  There's moderate seating, which fills up quickly.  This isn't a problem in the spring/summer, as you can always enjoy your meal outside amongst the sculptures.
C0IU0j3nVFoEBlnySYMXLA	The sandwich was great, but it was too difficult to find parking. The wait was long, so the cost of parking is nearly 1/3 of price of the sandwich.Unless your job enables you to take a 2+ hour lunch break, I guess after all this place is only intended to serve people at Stanford?
_ukkVPzsOoD5ndnZxuEwbw	This is the best place for coffee at Stanford.  I get a latte every day, and it's consistently amazing.  I want to ask the barrista for lessons.The food is also always delicious and fast.  My favorite is the tuna panini, which has a hint of cilantro which makes a great mix of flavors.  The crepes are also very good, especially the pesto chicken.  I will miss this place when I leave Stanford!
iZSFq5tha83JnZUFy9OrXg	This place is just okay.  I recommend the salmon burgers with the onion rings on the side.  Open till 2 AM during the academic year, which is exceedingly convenient.  They've moved to a fully compostable regime, which is interesting.  Service can be slow, but tolerable.  I've never seen this place too crowded.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	Sunken Diamond is the best baseball stadium I have ever been to. Before I review Sunken, I have to say that baseball is my favorite sport, I have season tickets to the Giants right on the field, go to San Jose Giants baseball games, go to Santa Clara baseball games, A's baseball games, San Jose State baseball games and Cal baseball games. I almost even went to see West Valley College, but thought that was a little crazy. All of them pale in comparison to Stanford's little hidden gem.It is dug into the ground so you don't have that wind you get at other parks. There is no advertising so you only have beautiful green painted fences and oak trees as a backdrop. We have season tickets on the front row on the visitors side so you can't get any closer to the field than we are. The game is right in your face with no screen to distract us. Big points there.College baseball is so much better than the pros because there are no prima donnas (barry bonds, jeff kent) just hard-working kids who love to play with no attitudes. It is also very fan friendly, especially for kids who run wild after foul balls or roll down the hills on the right and left field lines.Great food, happy vendors (especially the chicken man) and nice staff make it an always winning day for friends and family even if Stanford loses.At night it is pretty cold so bring a jacket and a blanket. During the day it is pretty hot so bring a hat and sunscreen. Also bring a radio so you can listen to the game on 90.1, the old Stanford announcer is now the new Giants announcer so you will get students who do a great job calling the game.The pricing is also very, very cheap and parking is free. Just take the Galvez exit off El Camino Real and turn left on the side of the new and ugly football stadium. You will run right into the field. Have a great time. I know we always do. If you go once, you will be back, I promise it.
-qn-gcolrpS4izQ57v5Tog	3 stars for the food and prices. Yes, it is higher-priced than some of the other places on campus, but the food is of a better quality as well. Oh, and 1 bonus star just because I can eat here without having to go to the Alway Cafe.
8ciQzrRSDqCeS9EIYdpkvA	Big! Yum! Good for a food fighter :)
0pg7oMFzn0xQDEppkzFvqg	I spent months searching around for the best ENT and a plastic surgeon. I traveled to different cities; I also interviewed two of the top surgeons in Rodeo Drive/Beverly Hills area; And finally picked Dr. Sam Most at Stanford. Dr. Most is by far the best doctor for my procedure. I am very happy with my decision as he did a fabulous job. I had a rhinoplasty and septum deviation surgery. Dr. Most was very professional, knowledgeable, experienced, and very caring. Unlike several of the plastic surgeons who I met, Dr. Most never tried to act like a sales man; He has very high confidence about his area and takes the extra time to explain difficult questions with a lot of patience. Dr. most has assembled a highly capable medical staff/residents from top tier medical schools around the world. They all said "looking up to him as a role model" for his expertise and experience. On my first visit Dr. Most was able to show me the future result of my surgery using computer graphics and even gave me options to choose from with his recommendations. Amazingly the result of the surgery is exactly as he had on the graphics and the option I picked.. I get lots of complements every day, even thought it just 30 days after my surgery, my nose is looking very natural and I can breath 100% better than before... thank you very much for the superb job Dr.Most...I would strongly recommend DXr. Most to anyone who is looking for a Dr. they can trust.
1inIadEGaeolcO3g6q6vmw	Bought a coupon on restaurant.com and decided to go check it out. Do not be fooled, the Stanford grill that pops up in a google search is a fancy restaurant in Columbia,MD. We were expecting a restaurant and were shocked to see a lunch counter. Really bad carpets, weird smell and a very strange choice of tiles in the bathroom.We booked it out of there. Guess my $1 coupon goes to waste. *sigh*
nL70HucNYP4RiR_88gqW6A	This place is a great campus eatery... Jimmy is mildly gruff but lovable and the service is great- a lot of the athletes, coaches and some staff are on a first name basis.  (I'm not quite there yet.)  They serve typical grill food and the portions are generous as Dave S. says- not so good if you're looking for something light.  But the food is pure comfort food for when work has you in a funk or you just need that extra oomph to get you through the day.  Nothing like eggs, bacon, well buttered toast and a huge fruit salad to get you through your day.Also to note, this is one of the very few places on Stanford campus (unless you are a student on a meal plan) that serves an honest to goodness breakfast and is open before 8am.  This is a bonus if you are staff and have to start working at 8 am!  Yay Jimmy V!  You're my hero.
-kXJlkBaFc7NxKCVf4CgJg	I haven't had a bad sandwich here yet... YES, there is a line, but take a seat and eat your chips & fruit and any company you may have. For the price you pay, I think a full size sandwich is worth it (especially if you have someone to share with).Some sandwiches I enjoy: 1/2. Spiffy TiffyHalal Chicken Breast, Mushrooms, Avocado, Pesto, Provolone, Pepper Jack9. [Name of the Girl I'm Dating]Halal Chicken, Honey Mustard, Avocado, Pepper Jack30. BackstabberHalal Chicken, Marinated Artichoke Hearts, Caesar Dressing, Provolone#55. LincecumHam, Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Havarti89. SF GiantsTurkey, Bacon, Mushrooms, Avocado, SwissFun story about the Lincecum & SF Giants sandwich, the people at Ike's said that the SF Giants sandwich used to be called the Lincecum, and they made a card with the ingredients and gave it to Lincecum to sign - he returned the card with some changes (added Ham, took out Mushrooms, etc) So thus, this new sandwich was called 'Lincecum' and the old 'Lincecum sandwich' was renamed SF Giants.
H11wCNQ2Cb6dRdxepnVA-Q	There's not a lot to choose from in terms of coffee shops on campus, the only real competition coming from Pete's and the bookstore cafe. I'm pretty sure MoonBean's is better than both places. It isn't much as far as a cafe goes, being really a coffee stand inside a metal wierd-shaped-shack, but it meets all my needs. Centrally located, I can get a good cup of coffee on my way to class. They also have pretty healthy, tasty pre-made wraps that work as a quick lunch. The bakery items are mediocre at best. But the service is always very good.
9KCr3PIUnTa1rQ9k11_22A	Good, hot food.  Nice atmosphere.  Friendly staff.  Pretty decent value, as far as campus food goes.  Worth stopping by when you need a bite.
ataY9zKkPoi-fyIsKdPZLg	burger is good
V_MDnGZpb2666cc_qMqMxg	Best sandwich I've ever had. Was out visiting my buddy at Stanford, and he was raving about this spot, so we had to go. I got the Spiffy Tiffy, and it came with chips and soda. Ran me about $10, but damn was it good. If you're in Stanford, definitely stop by this place!
40MywB-9aaAPmqRkThlaWw	now were talking! this is the ike's i love so much! it's a one of a kind experience i just love so much! way to go ike! see you soon! :)
GcqMSNKVOLQwaOeOHqtzcw	I have been to Stanford hair many time and mostly got uneven cuts that grew out badly. Its definitely worth going off campus for a better haircut.
5hVhjpPq624lurVldN4Kdw	When I first heard about Ike's Place at San Francisco, i really wanted to jump on my car and drive up to the city and take a bite of that delicious sandwich that so many talked about. But San Francisco? One hour drive plus time to look for parking, plus waiting in line.... oooh...that can mean 3 hours before I can take the first bite of my sandwich. That is a bit too much...but when I found out that they actually have a store at Stanford, I really jumped in my car and went to get the sandwich....and the verdict is.... Well, Ike's sandwich is good, but I can't say that it serves GREAT sandwiches yet. I traveled a lot and have tried many different sandwiches, the best one is in Paris (sorry, there is just no comparison).... This place is small, and they don't even have the menu available. It seems like an inefficient operation. It would make things easier if they have a big board on the wall, and just have the menu posts there. People can actually figure it out what to order while waiting. But no, they prefer customers to spend time during ordering, and that makes the line even LONGER. Well, we are here to talk about FOOD. It is a cafeteria setting after all, don't expect more, just good food is good enough reason to be here. Now, go back to my point about the FOOD. I think it is good, I like the dutch crunch bread (not so healthy though). I would try to order something else next time, and see if it can wow me. For now, it is just good, not super good.  I would try it again, and I would try the Ike's Place at SF too, just to see what the hype is all about.Happy eats!
-weKNThLr8N8ndNihgZJIg	When the line to Ike's is wrapped around the inner perimeter of the building, head over to Coupa (or perhaps just skip Ike's altogether).I'm a big fan of their grilled eggplant, mozzarella and tomato panini, and I've also enjoyed their oven roasted turkey breast one. Depending on which mood I'm in, those are my go-to items to order here. Unlike some other locations around campus, the paninis do come with a side of mesclun greens which are lightly dressed, but still tasty.The cafe also has a good selection of caffeinated beverages, and I love the abuela or spicy maya hot chocolates during the winter months. And, if you have a sweet tooth, the baked goods are rather delectable as well.I have yet to try the crepes and breakfast items, but I hear very good things.
ly_g_pbm-YE7-m3-gs1C4Q	If I was still a student on campus (and in California...), Ike's Place would probably become one of my food place regulars... if I could get through the HUGE line and long wait for food.  The food is pretty dang good and pretty unique with all the vegan, vegetarian, and meat options, so if you go there early - say, around 11 - then the whole package works out.Food: I had the Chelsea Clinton and it was scrumptious and enough to keep my stomach happy.  Napkins definitely needed.  Also, you have the option of fruit or a bag of chips.  I'm a big fan of places that offer healthier options at no extra charge.Service: It was decent given the sheer amount of people that started to line up right after I ordered.  Had to wait for a solid 15 minutes at the least for my sandwich which was disappointing.  Ambiance: Huang Engineering Center is beautiful in its own right and there are plenty of places to eat inside and outside - just don't expect to eat at a table if you're coming in at noon.Pricing: A little bit pricier than what I would pay as a student.I'd go and give it a whirl if only to say you've eaten a sandwich called Chelsea Clinton.
xFGRIpG8tYbTg9r3tTph_w	We can't thank Robin enough! He was our DJ at our wedding and he did such a fantastic job! Robin had everything we were looking for - uplighting, projector, wireless mic, etc. He played all the songs we wanted and more. Robin is wonderful to work with - very easy going, quick in responding, and takes the time to know the clients. He definitely is great at his craft!
-Hxvjz-t5ttsuH6H1osA4A	Ordered my very first cup of Tiger Spice Chai @ Coupa on campus (and only b/c Antonia D. says its her FAVORITE). It is VERY sweet, but a nice mix of spice and creaminess-- in fact, I think it tastes like a very creamy gingerbread latte. While it was good, I'm not sure I'd order it again. The roasted corn salad looked very tempting, but I was too cheap to spend $5 (also I was going to have dinner about an hour later...). Medium cup came out to $3. If you order to-go, I think your portion is slightly bigger... but maybe its just an illusion...
CNdJaOdUjLIceVxhWcMNRA	I have finally discovered the ideal place to work away from the office.The Frances C. Arrillaga Alumni Center is, as the name suggests, intended as a place for Stanford alums to call home when visiting campus. Right now I am sitting in a "living room" that Leland Stanford himself couldn't have helped being impressed by: it's filled with plush couches and chairs for 10+ separate groups, pristine tiled floors and floor-to-ceiling windows that look out onto the even-more-impressive terraced courtyard. The grand piano looks tiny just floating in one corner of the room.Beyond the living room, there is also a business center with plentiful desks and some conference rooms, the courtyard itself with lots of tables for your afternoon meeting, and the Alumni Cafe with its decent lineup of food and beverages.I believe the building's upstairs are filled with offices for both the Alumni Association and Office of Development. Not a bad place to come to work every day.Overall, the Center is a better place to work than the lobby of a Four Seasons... and when you squint a little and get into your work (or book or lounging), you can drift into a dream of being back at home on Stanford campus, but with the beer smells of dorm life replaced with the lavender scent of an Atherton estate.
LkIPAVQaDzkUDBEQNqgrpw	We used Stanford's Bartender for an event last weekend.  Only two days notice, Carlos was able to secure two helpers for our party.  They were prompt, capable and super friendly.  They helped with set-up and clean up for the bar as well as our food.  Carlos and I handle the transaction with a credit card -- which was so easy -- I didn't have to worry about paying cash at the end of the evening, etc.  We recommend Stanford's Bartender highly.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	It's not a gorgeous event space, but it's conveniently located on campus right by Tresidder Union.  A lot of Stanford's large-scale events are held here, and the acoustics are good, the sightlines are solid, and the seats are comfortable.  It's where Hillel has their Reform/Reconstructionist High Holiday services each year, and it works fine for that.
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	This Jamba is always ridiculously crowded, with mostly non-Stanford affiliated people.  Here's what I imagine the thought process to be..."Another freaking red-tiled building... oh they have a Jamba?  Sweet!!!!"Inevitably, I feel like there's always little kids or teenagers here.  The smoothies are good, but not-at-all healthy, let's not kid ourselves.  That being said, I still succumb to one every now and then.  I'm glad they added the smaller size.  They also used to mass mail all the Stanford PO boxes with 1 free Jamba Juice coupon, but I haven't seen those the last 2 years.. Why Jamba why?
dprkjTp7fdBmhErIM-BWwg	On my first visit to the Axe and Palm, I ordered the item named Two Eggs.  Seeing no another information on the menu, I assumed that my Two Eggs could be cooked in any style of my choosing, so I requested some sunny side up goodness.  The cashier told me that she couldn't find a button on the register for sunny side up eggs, but she would be sure to tell the chef what I wanted.I wandered off to await my order and had just started wondering where they'd procured the tacky wall prints of students pretending to enjoy their food when a woman suddenly appeared in front of me, waving a receipt in my face like a pair of dirty drawers."Are you the one who ordered the sunny side up eggs?" she asked accusingly."Yup, that's me," I said."I'm sorry, but we don't do that.""What do you mean, you don't do that?""We don't do sunny side up eggs.""The cashier told me you do.""She was wrong.  We only do scrambled or fried.""But the menu says Two Eggs.  That should mean you do them in any style, not just scrambled or fried.""Well then, the menu is wrong.  We can only do scrambled or fried.""Could you just talk to the chefs?  I'm sure they would be fine with making a sunny side up egg.""No.  They only know how to make scrambled or fried.""A sunny side up egg IS a fried egg.""We're trying to keep things simple here at the Axe and Palm.""A sunny side up egg is simpler than a fried egg.  You do the same thing, but for half as long."The quality of discourse did not improve thereafter, though it did turn out to be superior to that of the food.That was back in 2007.  Things are admittedly better now.  The staff is friendlier -- witness the free fries and onion rings I received from the cute girl staffing the counter at around 1am -- and the notifications for orders ready for pick-up are now timely, albeit delivered via a device that would throw a Vietnam vet into conniptions.  Most importantly, the food is better -- the burgers bigger, the sauces more appetizing, the menu selection more diverse.But I will never forget that first incident in the storied history of The Ass and Poop.  You never do forget the ones that prompt eternal hatred.
mezcuernbQU7asVLIeXZHw	This place is terrible.  They run the place like it is a government office, meaning that it is very hard to get through to an actual person, and you never see the same dr., they screw up the billing, it is difficult to get your prescriptions refilled - in short, I HATE this place.  The frustration, time drain, and anger of dealing with this place is simply not worth it.  The real kicker is that they are MUCH more expensive than a private doctor, and the level of service they provide is ridiculously poor.
ydjy1zr_MQo2wswNzR2dGA	I got the Spiffy Tiffy. Partly because it reminds me of my middle school years (an old nickname), partly because the ingredients sounded ahmayzing, and partly because it was the first sandwich on the menu. That's usually on purpose, right? Anyways, I was skeptical after hearing so much about how great Ike's is because, really, it's just a sandwich folks. And I'm not huge sandwich person. But ohhhh man were my tastebuds gettin down to this sandwich. They didn't skimp at all on the fillings (especially the avocado) and the flavors were balanced and harmonious. 5 stars for surprising my tastebuds in a positive way.
dWVvF7k0ZXeJvakmT_CnEA	Back to being a FAN! My update follows:So after my disappointing incident; I wrote to Ike. And after more than a few days, I heard back. He explained that the Stanford location does not offer the "call-before-closing and pick-after-hours". He followed up with me upon not hearing back from me. While I was offered freebies in return for my disappointment, I have not availed any. (Yet ;)I absolutely LOVE their sandwiches and will continue to visit the different locations. I just pray that the success doesnt morph into arrogance. ~~~Here's my longer review about the terrible customer service:On their website, they proudly claim that you can call in before closing time and they will wait for up to an hour after closing for you to come pick up the sandwich. With that proud claim in mind, I called in at 5:40 pm but to my horror, they refused to take my order. They said I could come in person and place the order, but wont take my order over the phone - purportedly because they had already taken all the orders that they could for the day - they supposedly only serve 20 people after closing. And apparently, their "system" does not allow them to take any more orders beyond 20. I offered to pay upfront - they asked me how they would verify my id - I said I would be going there at the store front to pick up my sandwich any way - so I would show my id to them at that point.They continued to maintain that if I were standing in line at that point - they would take my order. I said - just treat my order as if I were standing in line - charge me right here, right now - (only because their "system" wouldnt allow them to take more phone orders) - which would thus be no different for them than ordering in person at the store front. They still refused. I went on to explain to them - that I have been a very loyal fan all along - have helped Ike in so many ways already - by "Like"ing their businesses on Facebook - both the San Francisco location as well as the Stanford location. Have helped them in the ESPN fanwich competitions, and several other calls to help from Ike. And all they had to do was make me a sandwich - which was being ordered within the confinement of  the rules set by them on their website --- "If you can pick up your sandwiches within an hour after we close, call it in! We'll hold them until you can make it. However, we do not take calls after closing, so call in your order BEFORE closing."Even after pleading to them that I have been a very loyal fan, given them my love on Yelp and Facebook - they refused to budge from their stupid stand. ~~~To top it all; I wrote a long letter explaining my miserable experience to Ike:ike@ilikeikesplace.com hoping that I would hear some sensible answer from HIM!But to my biggest shock and disappointment - I heard back no answer from IKE. Terrible indifference to a loyal customer's pangs of anguish. I waited for one whole week before sending him a reminder about my terrible customer service. No reply. Even after waiting one additional week after my reminder - I received no reply from Ike or any one at their company. I see Ike periodically putting up some status messages on Facebook - which clearly means he has time to read his emails. My email message did not bounce as well - so they have received it. THAT last part - total and terrible indifference about a LOYAL customer's anguish - was the last straw. While their sandwiches are delicious - their customer service is TERRIBLE! I hope some modest success doesnt blind this genuinely good business and they come back to their senses at the earliest. Bad customer service will most certainly hasten their downfall.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	When I was younger and still single, my grandmother used to throw Tic Tacs in my direction whenever she thought there was an opportunity for me to be conversing with eligible doctors.  Well, the Tic Tacs would have been flying here! Located in the James H. Clark Center, the home of Stanford's Bio-X program, the Clark Center Cafe is where many of Stanford's medical and science minds lunch. Much of the clientele in this venue sported scrubs and lab coats. The food was decent.  The salad bar while fantastic is a place where you could get into financial trouble as it is charged by weight.  My lunch companion had a big juicy burger that made me wonder what the doctor-looking types around us would think! There were lots of menu options in this cafe.  If you decide to lunch here, go early or wait until about 1PM.  The place filled up very quickly, then suddenly emptied out.
qoCtv2bTcTH8jTAABF0qLw	Full 5 stars. FULL five.I love this place. I used to wait eagerly in line in the Mission back in the day when it was up in the city. Now, I wait eagerly in line at the Stanf. People who knock stars off for the wait are ridiculous -- how can you fault a place for being popular??Know that the dutch crunch bread is serious -- if it doesn't shred up the roof of your mouth, you're not taking big enough bites. The Menage a Trois is their most famous sandwich (so 7 x 7 says, anyway), and if you're the rare sandwich-lover with a sweet tooth, this is the choice for you. Just remember to ask for extra napkins.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	I must say, the best veggie meatball subs ever! Back in the day when I worked at this side of campus, I used to get them every so often and haven't forgotten them. I also enjoyed and miss the coffee in the mornings with the large muffins, priced just right. Earlier today I ran in for a spinach and cheese calzone with a soda as I was about to be late to a training at Polya Hall, and was so surprised that Barb (I think it was Barb) still recognized me after all these years! So that's another plus in my book for Lutticken's. I'm going to have to make it a point to have me veggie meatball sub again sometime, even if it means taking a longer lunch since I've been working and continue to work on another side of campus.
G8aYRUDZ5MTWuRCGbple1g	This is a nice driving range, open late and reasonably priced.  However, only 2 stars because you can only hit off mats.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	Soy froyo!! (plus extra exclamation points -  rejoice lactose intolerant people and I suppose vegans too)Love the fruit purees, especially with kiwi bits.  Service is always prompt.
AkHyqcLznqqAnN0CBFw3OA	Good grief, could they have put the bookstore in a place that is such a long walk from nearly every part of campus?  It is a good thing there is a cafe since you'll likely be tired, parched and famished by the time you arrive through the doors and into the bright entrance.  Its funny, I first visited Stanford back as a member of the CJSF back in grade school over ten years ago and my first time back since, it looked just as I remembered.  The bookstore is a nice place to just take it slow, read some magazines, grab a sandwich, browse through the over-priced computer accessories and snicker at the outrageously priced Stanford merchandise.  The mini Apple store upstairs is cool and I actually picked up a good deal on a MacBook here.  The woman that works up there is very nice and very helpful in finding me a bonus that came with the laptop.I do my textbook shopping online so I can't comment on the bookstore part but I'd imagine they are like every other campus bookstore:  charge way too much for books and pay you way to little to buy them back.9/2008 EDIT:-----I will now buy all my Mac products here! Test them at the Apple Store but buy them here. I got a great deal on a new MacBook Pro that was $200 cheaper, Apple Care for $30 cheaper, and $20 cheaper for the Mighty Mouse and Extreme Airport. w00t! Workers aren't super friendly, almost snobby, but hey...give me cheap Apple stuff and you can do whatever you want!
Mf25toe3YIH6uv9d43EXuA	Why is the Stanford Bookstore so overpriced? The prices for textbooks are just ridiculous. Also, today I biked from Mountain View to pick up a book that the Stanford Bookstore website said they carried, only to hear a disgruntled employee tell me that "the online store is not an accurate representation of the actual store." Ridonculous.
J-rjzANEpb6axWRE9Ksvzw	Just went there today, and the service was great.  I didn't go in for anything big (long story, short - I tried to fix a flat and couldn't get the tire back onto the rim).  But even though the shop was busy, one of the guys took a look at it, realized the problem, fixed it (using more than a little elbow grease) and had me out the door in about 15 minutes.  And while I was in there I saw 2 other people get the same kind of fast, friendly service.  I'd definitely go back there again.
RIGOL8DnNLz-7prhDdP-EA	3.5 starsA decked out stand with roof and small kitchen.  Outside seating available.There are hits and misses for me.This location seems to be always busy.  I do enjoy their super duper strong COFFEE.  Once in awhile I do treat myself with their CHAI LATTE, I get the TIGER chai which I believe is a powder.  I find myself adding water to it to decrease the sugar and creaminess slightly.  Chai powders contain powdered milk so that plus whole milk is too much.Come here mostly for the coffee, prepared food is decent, not my favorite.  I've tried their:HAM & CHEESE CREPE (meh) the ham was cut up sandwich meat that was overly salted and I won't be ordering this one again.A variety of PANINIs - For the CHICKEN paninis, the chicken is baked/prepared with just salt I believe so the flavor comes from the sauce or condiments with the sandwich.  MEDITERRANEAN $7.31 including tax (meh), I prefer the ROSEMARY CHICKEN one.  GRILLED EGGPLANT and mozz and tomato is good.  They do have a few vegetarian choices.Their BAKERY items don't appeal to me.  Not a fan of their CROISSANTS, I'm pretty picky on those.  Their ALMOND CROISSANT was not good --not flaky and the filling tastes artificial.  My BISCOTTI had stale nuts in it.I was pleasantly surprised by their CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE, not bad.  The RASPBERRY POPTART looking thing is pretty good --like a big a flat shortbread sandwich.
lhtScJ_Z2Oh3518hCt-_Zw	All I wanted was a DECAF white mocha... what I got was a regular mocha, then a DECAF latte... I stood there while the staff people argued about what they had given me, what I ordered, and how what they order was the correct order, but I could taste it was not...This was seriously THE worst service I have ever experienced at any Stanford eatery. Make me not want to come back at all... although I think the food is actually all right. I agree with Patrick D. to avoid anything that has to be made or prepared but the people up front, it's too much trouble.
qTAtyjcRYOOuMK37CurYdQ	Everyone I work with on campus had been telling me the Russo Cafe was fabulous and I had to try it out.  So I finally went today, expecting to be impressed.  I ordered a basic beef burger and asked for cheese.  I was told that ordering cheese on the burger was exactly the same as the Russo burger, which was $2 more.  However, the menu indicated that the Russo burger technically came with a variety of other things such as roasted garlic, greens, and semi-dried tomato on top.  So, apparently the toppings are exactly the same, save for the cheese, and they're simply playing the Russo burger up as some grand menu item.  I finally consented to the Russo burger and was then told that they were out of fries but that I could choose another item to replace the fries.  Unfortunately, nothing looked terribly tasty and most of the items appeared to have been cooked hours ago.  So then I chose a salad to replace the fries but they told me they had run out of it.  In the end it was more complicated and annoying than it was worth, which is too bad since I will never go back.  Instead of having multiple staff standing around maybe they could work on making some additional side dishes.  Or maybe the manager should plan for the right amount of product in order to meet the needs of the patrons.  And, finally, it seems reasonable that they could denote the differences in the burgers since it's not obvious and it does not really make sense.  A real disappointment all-around although I can't even comment on the food since I didn't stick around to try it.
4XLyP455UoWQ1yz9THKYEA	This is how sandwiches should always be, period. We live at Stanford and recently discovered Ikes place. Lots of friends had recommended the place, but it looked a little pricey for just a sandwich. But here's the thing, it is not "just a sandwich".  It is probably one of the best sandwiches you'll ever have.We've become regulars now.  I love the Jaymee Sirewich sandwich!! very tasty! My husband is a vegetarian and he usually goes for the Your Favorite Sesame Street Character Sandwich and he can't stop talking about the pesto sauce....The size of the sandwiches are big enough so that he doesn't complaint afterward that he is still hungry as is usually the case after we eat sandwiches.We usually call to order and then pick them up because the wait can be long. I would highly recommend this place for anyone visiting Stanford.
fdwVdy6TuY1kjYeEPMZKVw	Do not need to be a Stanford student or alum to join in on their classes and dancing.  They also have specialty events during the year, like their All Night dance in May, Swing and Waltz week and weekend in July.  The second Friday of the month is their Jammix dance, the dance is well attended, over 200-300 dancers.  http://dance.stanford.edu/It is a bit chaotic because there could be 3-5 different styles of dance going on the dance floor to one song...the energy and creativity is amazing.  They are not as structured/strict as a commercial ballroom studio, where everyone is dancing the same dance and following the line of dance.  Gets hot in the summer but no one seems to care, they are too busy dancing and expressing themselves.
kVwvb9vW0sPBGryY8slB-w	I love, love LOVE Ike's!  If there was one food I could eat the rest of my life, it might possibly be the Damon Bruce.  Warning:  there's an overload on flavor so it's not for the weak of tastebuds.  Every single sandwich I've gotten from Ike's has been delicious, and I make it a point to go to Ike's every chance I get.  Tip:  if you go between 3-6, be sure to check the Ike's Facebook page.  There's normally a password that'll get you free chips and soda.  Overall:  Damon Bruce is amazing.  Dirty chips are amazing.  IKE'S IS AMAZING.  Downside:  it can get pretty pricey for a sandwich, and pretty crowded during lunch hours.  But... it's worth it.  Go. You won't regret it.
vEzgkG8axJ75pyWa-iHyKA	Great food, jouful service and easy atmosphere. This is one my favorite lunch/dinner places at the campus area.
-s04aRndwvhmTrsqWsoKfA	Me: Chicken no peanuts, please.Her: CHICKEN NO PEANUTS! $5. NEXT!
GRfeHNcB4uvuoHvqb8-9Xg	I agree with all the previous reviews. Carlos is AWESOME! He was the bartender at my Dad's 70th birthday party. He was so easy to work with. Very professional. He helped me plan the drink menu and provided me with the supply list. He came on time and prepared. We had a big crowd that night and he had everything under control. The guests absolutely enjoyed his service. Also, thanks to Jessica for helping out that night, too. I would definitely hire him again for our next party.
nzDG30aK5CM_DzO1l01Tnw	No review can adequately give Stanford enough credit, so I'll cut to the chase. It's amazing. I love Stanford.
1WfaAbWC06QDnb59vqnEZw	She's a grad student, so I figured we should just meet for drinks here. I hadn't been back at the 750 (now called Ray's) since 2006. I figured, how bad could it be? It'll be dark, and I can have some whiskey. Win-win.Shit. I was wrong. Basically, the 750 closed down and re-opened with a new name plus an identity crisis. When I walked in, I was confused as to what kind of place this was. Is it a bar, a cafe, or a study area? Yes, the old 750 was a mediocre bar, but at least it was a bar. It knew who it was, and there's something to be said for that. On the other hand, Ray's is bright. The table setup is like a late night cafe at Stanford. It does have a bar, but it only serves beer and wine. That's right: no hard alcohol. Given the lack of spirits, the bartender sold me a bottle of wine for $10, which was a pretty good deal. They only had red wine, but that's okay, since I do it for the antioxidants. He gave us two plastic cups, which is always very classy.As terrible as this may sound, it was actually a fun evening. I got to consume more than half a bottle of wine and enjoy good company. Would I come back? No.
k4OdaJT9o5-LtbPCe7nlkw	The Satin Doll Sandwich (Chicken Salad) is consistently amazing. Their pastries are excellent too.-- Fast service at peak hours (I waited 5 minutes at 12:30pm for my sandwich).-- Friendly staff.-- Salads have left a bit to be desired.-- Coffee is overpriced, but decent.-- Often packed.
NU1mvbhW7OLJ4av7P9nDHw	Alway cafe has resurrected in it's new location:1070 Arastradero RdPalo Alto, CA 94304-1336I work on Deer Creek and I usually take a short walk over to Alway to see what they have for lunch. They usually have a different lunch special every day.It is usually hit or miss on the specials, but more on the side of hit. There have only been a couple times, that I remember, that I was unhappy with the lunch special. The chicken and pork adobo is amazing, as well as the salmon over brown rice. Friendly staff and service with reasonable prices. Lunch special is about $8 and comes with rice (white or brown), salad or veggies, and pasta. You really can't beat that.They recently added bbq items to their menu on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I have yet to try their burger but will do soon.
NOUfyJW-BAo_-Cbfo8edww	Fro-yo girl here.  Stanford, you make fro-yo girl proud.  Now your students, staff and visitors don't have to go off campus to get tart fro-yo.  SFSU has fro-yo on campus too (at Natural Sensations), but not the tart kind (I know, I checked).  It's not obvious the Axe & Palm offers fro-yo (it's not on the menu above the cash register) but it's there - ask for it.  They had Euro tart (original/plain) made by YoCream with two toppings for $3.45.  It was unclear if there were other sizes or options to get a different number of toppings.  The $3.45 gets you a good amount of yogurt (medium size, I'd say).  Toppings include fruits, cereals, sprinkles, nuts (peanuts only), whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  No mochi balls.  I chose Cap'n Crunch and blueberries.  The blueberries were defrosted but not in a syrup.  I couldn't see the fruit beforehand and was anxious about the fruit quality. The yogurt is soft and definitely on the icy side, with a decent tangy flavor. It's not great fro-yo but not awful either. This was my first visit to the Axe & the Palm inside the Old Union (which was completely gutted and remodeled).  The name of the place made me think it was a dark pub but it's a bright, contemporary café.  I like the artwork (the portraits of students eating), the a/c and the TVs.  The café is quite large with tables and booths.  Prices are reasonable.  They also have a cereal bar (cute idea), salads ($5.50), sandwiches ($3.95-5.50), burgers, ice cream and healthy options including vegetarian ones ($1 fruit or side salad instead of french fries, bento boxes, veggie rice bowls).I should probably give them 2 stars (using frozen fruit is terrible) but the convenience factor and price are worth an extra star.Students don't pay tax.  Bring your own cup or mug and get 10 cents off your beverage.You know you love me.  X0 X0, fro-yo girl.
hxHQFhgHg4u9xAIswrG_5A	I love this place. Thee only thing I had an issue with was the WAIT! I went on a Friday at about 3pm the line was moderate, about 10-15 people waiting outside. The guy at the register was slow. Maybe he was new? Not quite sure, but it didn't make sense why we waited for about 45+ minutes!! I learned that the best thing to do is order in advance, I believe they have their menu on their website. I ordered the 16th and Market Sandwich which included Grilled chicken breast, dirty sauce (their special sauce)
MJi8cYsq4NC2qYx48R1XRw	Fraiche's tasty Blue Bottle coffee, fresh baked goods (including warm chocolate chip cookies), and quality yogurt have sustained me through the doldrums of my studies. While the chocolate yogurt is a bit too tart for me, everything I've had at Fraiche has been quite good. The friendly service is also a plus.
GgnzT-zz043PW4ITu2fCQA	So...it's a Jamba Juice.  They make great tasting smoothies, but certainly don't stay true to their mantra.  Yi S. happened to notice the same "Jambaisms" I stare at every time I pick up a Jamba Juice.  If "your body is a temple," then why pollute it with 24 oz. 300+ calorie drinks?  Because they taste AMAZING.  Drinking Jamba Juice every day would surely be unhealthy.  But for the quick smoothie fix, Jamba is perfect.
K7-zOceF1slgqJTZSKe7YQ	Oh my gosh, why are all those people walking into that food truck?!Buffet food truck on wheels at Stanford!  What a great idea!  They had a wide variety of Thai/asian foods from curries, to grilled meat, noodles, veggies, rice, fried goodies, etc.  Just like a buffet line, you pick up your to-go box, walk through the line, choose what you want, and pay for your food by weight.  The food was decent for what it was.  If you're on the go and need a quick bite this is a good place to stop!
xZ-3S7Hs82NzPhFWQk8PcQ	Yep, this is a good one.This was my first 5k, but it was flat and fast, well organized, friendly, a certified course, and professionally timed--in short, everything you could want.The only bummer was the big 2 mile sign at around 1.7 miles into the course.
UqL-O5gS4OtCabn28oCo9w	Ah, angst. No no Lovebird, we don't do that anymore
cdF9fovYyiU-TKr_GcNxsg	4 stars just because it's such a unique location and has such a great feel to it.  Food?  Fine, no big deal.  It's the location and feel that I like.
wlPR1M-p7w0YtZwh5Ii-_g	This truck is conveniently located next to my office.  As it turns out, it is a little too convenient.  My friends and I find ourselves enjoying the Thai truck several times a week.  I love that there are so many options to choose from and everything I've tried has been delicious.  Try the green curry and make sure to pick up some fresh veggies on your way out the back.I always bring my own bowl so the price varies, but it's always a great value.  I've never paid more than $5 for lunch.
ao_3zIGu3TP-YiT-A3TQag	I love Ike's! Ive been to other locations before but this was my first time to the stanford location. Today I had the SF Giants sandwich in celebration of them being our 2010 WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONS!!!! It was great! But as far as the location...I wouldnt come here again if I wasnt already on the campus cuz its hard get to.
5Oj4pmWQZS8zykSrNVkuBw	Hands down, the best Peet's i have been to in the Palo Alto / Menlo Park / Mountain View area.  Even if you are not on campus, stopping by here in the morning is always worth while.  You may have to play dodge the parking police, but its the only Peet's i know of where your mocha is topped with chocolate syrup, and the only one with raspberry almost scones.Admittedly, the service, and drink quality is best in the morning - but that's because of who is making it, as the lady who always works mornings takes more care making drinks, then most people do making dinner for their in-laws. The view is nice too -
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	The guys in my office come here for lunch quite often and when I let them talk me into leaving the building, I follow them like a baby duck across campus to this place.  It's a gorgeous building, with a great outdoor eating patio, and the indoors area isn't so bad either.  Although, my friend Greg calls it the green wall of death....there is this ENORMOUS and very bright green wall that messes with your eyesight after awhile....I usually get a burrito.  It's good, but they need MUCH spicier salsa.The salad bar is amazing and HUGE.  Plus, there's usually a bunch of very cute geeks hanging out there.  I dunno, I really like nerds.
RfjWiiBRO5uorrxzfwdBYQ	Graduation weekend wasn't the best time to try out the Stanford Ike's location, that's for sure. A 45 minute wait just to order...yeah, wasn't sure if it was gonna be worth it. But it still delivered!Three of us shared the fabled Kryptonite, which actually came as two sandwiches since they didn't have a dutch crunch roll big enough. Sure it made the sandwich seem less than it should, but I found it way more manageable to take down.And of course we shared a Matt Cain on the side. That sandwich is hands down my favorite and always delivers with the godfather sauce. No wonder it won the ESPN sandwich contest!So, my advice is to go here and grab a sandwich. Just don't do it on Graduation weekend...I'm warning you!
7b9aT8BhpWaFncPaPULLdw	Go with the lower level seats!!! They have actual chairs... I expected the uppers to be benches, no worries, I can deal. But they are curved to differentiate between each seat, and I don't think my behind is too big (size 8, on a skinny day) And I had trouble not spilling over into my neighbors personal space. Other than that the game was awesome, and the crowd was super high energy :)
haUljeiekSeVmSeWny_9vw	I've had Ike's prior to visiting this location, and let's just say, i've had better. Perhaps it was an off day, but overall, it wasn't up to par. Based on the other reviews here, I think it may just have been a fluke, but here's what went down.I arrived with a friend to have a late lunch. There were some wandering bodies near the register, and it wasn't clear if there was a line. When we approached after waiting as the wanderers were chattering about, we were rudely addressed by the staff that 'there's a line.. OVER THERE!' OK! no prob. when we finally paid, we ordered a half menage with everything and a full rum rum with lettuce only.We waited for a few, and my name was called. The young gentleman that brought the food was very polite and was bringing the sandwiches to people's tables (totally unnecessary in this cafeteria-style place, but a nice touch). I was so hungry that I ripped open the sandwiches to find that the menage was missing tomatoes, and the rum rum had everything on it. Screwed up the order. Also the menage had way too much sauce (soggy sandwich), and the rum rum had too little sauce.I was disappointed. Hopefully they read this review, and really be careful when they're making these sandwiches. The sandwich is the ONLY reason people come here; it's there proverbial bread and butter. If they start screwing that up because the staff isn't paying attention or they're just hiring anybody, then the REALLY GREAT sandwich place becomes just another mediocre sandwich joint.Please improve!!
hKu_tOCxk6_nFsqPyuLUXg	The food is great!  My favorite sandwich is the Spiffy Tiffy.  However, the customer service needs a bit of work.  I talked with "Stanford" today and he rushed me off the phone and over-talked me.  He was really impatient and rude.  My suggestion is that you use the iPhone app so that you can avoid talking with rude servers.
2SwGt1jYNFlXqlJbINo7cQ	7/21/07Update:  They've changed their french roll!  It's not nearly as crispy on the outside, melt in your mouth on the inside.  Now, it's just pretty decent.  Sigh!  Also, it seems they are starting to skimp on the sandwhich fillings that are measured on the spot. I ordered the chicken salad sandwhich a little while ago and had a little smear of chicken salad.  It seems though if you stick to the choices that were made up earlier in the day (any of the straight meats), they are still giving out great portions.  The veggies are still really nummy and fresh...Well, I guess perfection can't last forever... sigh.4/28/07I have a hard time going to any kind of sandwich shop because of this place.  I always find myself saying, "Nope, it won't be as good as the Big Sandwich Place, I can't stand the disappointment".  Seriously.  The bread is made at a local bakery (I adore the french roll - a little tough for some people - so you might want to try the Dutch Crunch if you're worried), the veggies and meats are plentiful and fresh... sigh...  I usually can't resist an Italian with everything since it's gigantoid and everything melts so wonderfully in the mouth.  The Pastrami is a favorite, and when they have the turkey club special (with fresh avocado that they cut right in front of you) it's the default.  And most sandwiches are only $5.50 (specials are usually a little higher, like $6.95).  You just can NOT beat it.
xdO7Vvpk1PW7zBkPiXF7NQ	Best place on campus to get real coffee. Try the Café Marron and be on a caffeine high for the entire day. Crepes and salads are really good too (and cheaper than in Coupa @Y2E2).
BwJN8qcQpjyNzo2acSmRIA	Great coffee, good pastries to go with it. Also good crepes for lunch.
2Sglga1mooQwZDjlwXZQLQ	Also, they post their weekly menu, which is useful:http://nexusdining.com/clients/nexus/fss/fss.nsfor you can go here and click on the nexus link:http://biox.stanford.edu/clark/nexus.html
kS1MQHYwIfD0462PE61IBw	if you need a quick sandwich or salad for ~$6 come here.  even though pre-packaged, musta been made fresh recently since all the ingredients were still good, pesto southwest grilled chicken salad -- always glad to see healthy things promoted around medical campuses.
2xGt56YRUJG6wdk5pwoGww	Their spring mix is really great.  Sandwitches are good too.  Sure it's overpriced (~$10 for lunch w/o drink), but you get to pretend like you are an art snob.  Do check out the museum, too.  It's one of the better modern art museums I've been, and it's free!
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	Five stars for the location, value, and taste.Location is central to campus, super close to the library and (selfish, I know) to the building I work in.Value is great: $2.75 for a medium chai latte.Taste: My iced tiger spice chai was creamy and flavorful, sweet but not overpoweringly so.  Super refreshing, tremendously satisfying, and all I could think about after the first step was how much I regretted that it wasn't bottomless.I work way too close to this place.  I'm sorry, wallet. I'm sorry, society-that-thinks-a-caffeine-addiction-is-unhealthy.  That chai is just too good.
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	This is the only competitor to Twisted Sprout I have discovered so far for a lunchtime salad near my office.  On the plus side, it is edible, which puts it ahead of some of the salads I have had at Twisted Sprout.  On the minus side, the salad is just some boxed greens with cold cubed chicken on top, squirted with dressing.  Do people not eat salad in California?The other food, however, is surprisingly tasty.  The roasted vegetables tend to be fresh, various and good, and come with a nice piece of fish or chicken.  Oddly enough, California cuisine shines through here even if you can't get a salad worth eating.  So far, other than the Tree House, it is the best lunch near my office.
OJK6V3Ewlrhq04TVwZwohQ	Look, it's best Garlic Fries I've had. PeriodHere is a list of Garlic Fries places that I've remembered eating at (listed from best to worse)1) Axe and Palm - Garlic pieces galore mixed with a good amount of oil2) Angel Island Cafe - first time I ever had garlic fries (8 years ago), it was fantastic3) Homestead Lanes (recipe from 4 years) - I had found my go to place, until they changed the recipe4) SF Giants (Gilroy Garlic Fries) - pretty good5) Gordon Bierch - too dry6) Outside the Blue and Gold Fleet ticket office - wasn't goodI know that there are at least a few more places I've had them at. My point is: I'm a garlic fries connoisseur, and you need to eat these fries right now. Leave work, class, and go eat these fries.
lFy60SmV1Vs4Ug4MkwI2uA	7 bucks for a half-sandwich?  Boo.  A half-sandwich is not a satisfying experience like... (trying to avoid making sexual remark)... any american remake of a Japanese horror movie... (whew disaster avoided).  I need a full sandwich to be satisfied.  That means shelling out close to $15 for lunch.  Also, it only came with my choice of dirty chips or fruit.  No thank you!I must admit however that it is a tasty sandwich.  I got one of the specials with pastrami.  The pastrami I got was nice a salty with a lot of beefy flavor.  It went well with the secret sauce.  But, the highlight was the bread.  Soft, sweet, crispy dutch-crunch.  Very light and very tasty.  Delicious.  Not $15 delicious, but delicious.So, how about ambiance?  Well, Ike's looks like a lunch counter at a school cafeteria.  It sits in front of a beautiful sunny courtyard.  But, silly Stanford refuses to put adequate seating in the courtyard making it the functional equivalent of Megan fox; nice to look at, but utterly useless.Finally, service... The line is huge, but moves quickly and I got my sandwich soon after I ordered it.  The service was no frills, but fast.In summary, I would go here again if I wanted to spend $15 bucks on takeout.  So, that is like never.  But, if peer-pressured, I guess I would.  I mean there was that time at summer camp...
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Worse quality food than Wilbur.  Friendly staff (especially the head chef).  Always runs out of forks and spoons.  Location in Stern is good.
p6TYK6WmCgL2x8Mcy6ZaZA	Giving this place two stars makes me feel guilty, mostly because some of the staff here are so considerate and hardworking. However: The food just doesn't taste good to me. Cooked food has been too salty and oddly unsatisfying; sandwiches are premade and just not delicious. If you're over in this part of the Stanford campus, it does have some nice seating. But I wouldn't go here for the food. (Then again, please keep in mind that I am super, super picky.)
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	I love the track house. It is easy to get to, the parking is great and being right next to the track you can sit and watch people working out.They also have a lot of really cool Stanford clothes and stuff. I buy things here all of the time, things that you can't get anywhere else.The staff is smart, helpful and friendly. It probably helps them that this place is so small.
urhy2vLd0VWRPz9D3JAYMA	Ike's near my work? How lucky am I? I've never been to the SF or RC locations but I've heard good things from everyone who has.Thanks to Randell's C.'s review of the RC Ike's. I wouldn't have known about this location if it weren't for him!After reading the reviews, I decided to go there a little before 11am to order my sandwich. Good idea! No wait in line and it took about 10 minutes to get my sandwich.My lunch-mate and I split the full-size Super Luigi: a sandwich stuffed with meatballs and deep-fried jalapenos! Oh my! Too bad I didn't take a picture of it. =( Now if I could eat this everyday I would. I tend to favor foods that tip you close to the heart-attack scale.This is a new location so it will be a while until they work out all the kinks and get into the groove of things.ETA: Now that my husband knows Ike's is here, he's asked me to bring a sandwich home for him everyday. Oh boy!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Affordable food with a wide variety (from asian to spanish). Food is good but not great.  Clean establishment. Friendly workers.  A little expensive.
PjYaEnWRFB7uogiAeaXQQA	As some place on campus, this is my favorite lunch spot so far (although I've been limited because I got here in the summer and I'm hoping there are more options in the fall..).  Lots of variety (as some people have already mentioned), decently priced, and not too far away from the main quad!  Some of their food is actually not bad!  Of course, I wouldn't come here if I weren't on campus but it is conveniently located for my quicker lunch breaks.
bFrrYqsgbTm8vLUM_Azu6w	Sandwiches are no doubt delicious, but this place is way too busy. Called in to place an order for 2 sandwiches at 5PM and the guy informed me that they won't be ready till 6PM since it's over the phone. Like seriously?? And I already knew it'd take somewhere around 40 mins to order in person.  Go here for awesome sandwiches when you have all the time in the world to wait around.
0gYLcORDT6iqxSr8rhHysA	If you are on campus and need to grab a quick cheap snack, come here!Items that I have tried:--I prefer the taste and price of their pizza's over Nexus Cafe's; it is $2 a slice here (vs $4 @ Nexus) and not as greasy! --Stay away from their scones, the texture is awful. --I love their danishes especially the blueberry cheese! The blueberry cheese danish is a guilty treat and not a light snack! It's like having a large slice of blueberry cheesecake and only for $2!--Their coffee is okay, you're better off going to Peet's or even the Beckman downstair's bistro.--The hot foods that they sell for by the ounce are not worth trying! Often they lack flavor and are much too expensive! $9 bucks for mash potatoes and a little bit of chicken?! Go to Nexus for hot foods, you'll be happier.
juCg0NTeJ6HORSXDwTRu_w	Hey Stanfurd, Cal got 4.5 stars. You guys are a 1/2 star behind.  Lookee here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/university-of-california-berkeley-berkeley#hrid:cg3W1jCXvm5WzPlPcsP9bgYou guys better man up or Oski will come on down, lift his hind leg on the Tree and relieve himself.  I'm calling for a #2 but he decides on his own. Yeah, the place is beautiful...like a retirement home. All it needs are golf carts to get around. BTW, Yelp needs to add some extra $ signs for this particular review.
b7Fym9T4OK5pmF1ZLcqeRw	I finally went to Ike's this weekend.  I was convinced it would not live up to the hype, but the buzz is completely deserved.  Appreciated the willingness of the staff to freely swap out ingredients to get to the exact sandwiches we wanted. Ike's offers some really unique tastes and combinations, which made some 'typical' sandwich combinations extra tasty. The 'red pesto' was a great adder to our sandwiches. Sitting outside in the Engineering Quad is a terrific experience too.  Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is that the sandwiches are expensive, which makes it an occasional treat rather than a frequent go-to location.
r6JREvdLMV42Foi9j8t_SA	I really like this Fraiche.As always the frozen yogurt, toppings and baked goods are fresh and tasty. Plus the people are very nice here, and you can go sit outside, there is plenty if space.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	Very convenient location for those of us who work on the Stanford campus. The staff must handle hundreds and hundreds of students, faculty, campus staff, and visitors daily, and despite this, my transactions have always gone well. I must say, this is one of the better post offices I've used on a regular basis and hope to for quite awhile.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	Large open cafeteria, with different stations - from pizza to stir fry to burgers to the popular salad bar. Lots of beverage options as well. Prices are slightly higher than elsewhere on campus. Dining area is very large plus there is a lot of seating outdoors for those warm California days. If I'm in the GSB area, I definitely try to eat here.
zIsVQGLx23HslbbwUOQGCA	I recently went to the cactus gardens & found them to be beautiful. Many flowers were blooming making it very colorful. Thanks to other reviews my hubby & I were able to find them easily as they are rather hidden.
modi4kJswHfJ1-_44nRtPA	If you care to have a good, convenient, healthcare experience, I would suggest you find services somewhere else. Going to Stanford Cener Center is the equivalent of being seen for healthcare in a factory farm--lines, looong waits, you cannot talk to your doctor over the phone, if you call for help, the nurse may or may not call you back (even if its urgent), they won't send your records (the gal at medical records said I had to wait 3 weeks for the surgery report because there were 2000 requests ahead of mine...this delayed getting chemotherapy started and impacted my health), and really, I just felt anonymous the whole time I was getting services here. No one remembers you, no one department talks to another, the patient (even if you are very sick) has to do the coordination work and figure out the system, the nurses on the med/surg floors have terrible attitudes (not all, but many) and wait for really long hold periods, and generally just get ignored. It would be dangerous to depend on Stanford for your healthcare, if you didn't have a family member advocating for you.
Os7XnHJYLsHFhOsiMLQ6mA	It was 2:30 PM and i was starvinggg. energy levels were down and i could feel myself shutting down. that and the 20 minute wait pushed me over the limit. So I went ahead and ordered the Full-Size "Insert Name of The Girl You're Dating", a chicken, honey mustard, avocado, cheese concoction. IT WAS FREAKING DELICIOUS. and filling. Maybe it was the bag of chips and drink (Free w/ college ID - ANY COLLEGE. I pulled out my CAL ID and the nice guy behind the counter let me use it!! booya stanfurd!) I had, but I could only stomach half of the sandwich. you have to get the dutch crunch and based on everybody's reviews, i don't think you can go wrong with any of the sandwiches.i'm so tempted to apply to grad school here just so i can get my fill of ike's on a regular basis!! while wearing my cal shirts of course =p!
sfXELG2SCfb8B7Ay5LmY7g	When I first heard about Ike's Place coming to Stanford, I knew nothing about it. I just thought it was a run of the mill sandwich shop. I decided to finally give it a try.After trying Ike's I can say that Ike's has ruined sandwiches for me. Every time I eat a sandwich now, I will compare it to Ike's. I used to like Quizno's, Subway's and Togo's but now Ike's is 1-2-3 then the rest. First off, seeing their menu was a bit overwhelming. For my first time I decided to try my own creation which was:TurkeyGrilled mushroomsRed pestoMayoDirty sauceLettucePepper JackFrench breadI took a bite of the sandwich and I was blown away. I couldn't believe it was that good. The dirty sauce and fresh made bread makes a huge difference. It was the best sandwich I ever had. I also love the fact that you get a bag of dirty chips with your sandwich. The sandwich was so good that the bag of chips was ruining my sandwich (and I love dirty chips) experience. I've gone 3 times, had my custom sandwich twice and the Super Mario (I usually don't like meatball subs but something about it made me try it. It was great. Not too much sauce and it was delicious), and I plan to try every meat sandwich there. The line begins about 11am , which is crazy considering that the place opens at 10am. If you want to avoid the long lines you have 3 options:1. If you have an iPhone or iPad, download the Ike's app (not Ike's Lair...unless you plan on picking up your sandwich in Redwood City) an you can order right from your iPhone or iPad! Pick the Stanford location and cruise through the menu. After you've made your choices, you'll see your sandwich pick up time.******Cons: There are some sandwiches that are NOT on the Ike's app (ex. Jaymee Sirewich) which is a bummer. Most of the time you should be pickung up your sandwich at 1pm-ish. Maybe try submitting the order at like 10a and see if you get lucky with a lunch pick up time of 12p.2. Call (650 322-1766) your order in right at 10a. You'll still get a pick up time around 1p or 1:30p (they save the noon slots for the big sandwich orders, like 10+, for this time slot) but at least you're picking up and going.Make sure you have the following information:NameSandwich (Whole or Half) (Bread, What kind of toppings etc)Once you order is in, arrive during your pick up time and go right to the front to pick up your sandwich. Nothing feels better than strolling right to the front to get your sandwich. NOTHING.******Cons: This guarantees you a late lunch (1p-1:30p), so snack accordingly or structure your eating for that day so you won't be starved by noon.3. Get to Ikes by 11a to order a sandwich. I've been experimenting with line times and I find that the 11a-11:15a window is good time to go order a sandwich. they'll be either be no one in line or 3 people. Either way you'll get your order in and sandwich for an early lunch.******Cons: Early lunch, unless you plan on eating it later...but everyone knows you don't eat a hot sandwich later. Space your meals to prepare for early lunch.If you want to go to Ike's and can't get there during the week, definitely go on the weekend. Parking is free at Stanford on the weekend which is a huge plus. Enjoy the scenery at Sanford while your having your sandwich Mon-Fri 10am to 6pmSat-Sun 11am to 3pmSandwiches that are awesome (and that I've eaten multiple times):John Elway - throw in some mushrooms and the red pestoJaymee SirewichMenage a troisPizzlePaul reubensSay HeySpiffy TiffySF GiantsJim RomeElvis KeithSuper Mario (removed from the menu but dammit still awesome, get it at another Ike's)Menu: http://ilikeikesplace.com/stanford/
XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFw	I've been to this, and other, Jamba Juice locations many, many times. From when I was a student to when I was an hourly worker at Stanford to now when I'm on faculty, this place has been around through it all! I still remember coming to Stanford from Anchorage, Alaska, never having heard of a Jamba Juice, and getting really excited that there was a spot that specializes in juice on campus! A part of me still feels that excitement when I visit.There truly is something for everybody here. Whether you're looking for a low-calorie smoothie, a nutrtionally-balanced smoothie, or just a smoothie that tastes amazing, you'll find it at Jamba Juice.My favorite Jamba Juice in terms of taste is the Orange Dream Machine, which tastes just like a creamsicle! It's a very nice treat!The Matcha Green Tea Blast is another one that's a very good flavor. It has a certain creaminess to it that really complements the tea very well.A citrusy flavor that I like is the Strawberry Surf Rider, which tastes like a strawberry lemonade.I've also had their a few of their all-fruit smoothies, including the Pomegranate Paradise, the Mega Mango, and the Peace Perfection; they're all good, although not nearly as sweet as the smoothies that are made with ice cream!Recently, though, as I've been paying attention to calories, I've been going for their "Jamba Light" options. The Berry Fulfilling is my current favorite, although I substitute out the blueberries in favor of extra raspberries. Yum! :) I've also done the Mango Mantra, which is also good.My only gripe is just the prices, which are quite high considering that you're paying for a juice at the end. Nonetheless, it's all really quite good.Tip: Remember that you get a free boost with your Jamba Juice. Whether you want a boost of your daily vitamins, a nice energy boost to get you through the day, or a soy protein boost to rebuild muscles (among other available boosts), don't forget that you can add it free of charge!Tip #2: Google around for Jamba Juice's secret menu! This truly is a secret menu, and is spread only by word of mouth (unlike In-N-Out's so-called secret menu, which can be found plain as day on their corporate web site -- some secret!). Many of the options on Jamba Juice's secret menu are quite sweet, which I suppose is why the menu's secret (they wouldn't want to damage their reputation as a healthy option!). In particular, they have flavors patterned off of each of the gummy bears, my favorite is the White Gummy!
m5_9COG5lgezByD9tDBkCQ	Carlos is an excellent planner and will come to any party well prepared and organized. That said if kinks are thrown into the mix he knows how to just make it all work. He is an excellent communicator and will get along with everybody in any kind of setting weather you are having a black tie event, a beach party, young or old people. Now to his drinks. Boy are they tasty. He knows how to balance out the flavors so each drink comes out tasting perfectly delicious. He is interested in learning knew recipes and will always grow his repertoire though it is already quite large. I'd say Carlos is the ultimate bar tender to have at your event. He will provide each guest with a great drink and a memorable experience.
-30gBOtr1_q1OClG-fpLJQ	Fuck. I have to admit this is probably one of the better sandwich places I've ever been to. The trick here is that they have an extensive selection online that isn't reflected by their physical menu.http://ilikeikesplace.com/menuI got The Change with avocado on sourdough. It was delicious. The place has got a bit of character. They've got a selection of esoteric sodas and you get a caramel apple sucker with your meal. The sandwiches also have clever names like "we're JUST friends" and "name of girl I'm dating"You goddamn Stanford kids have no idea how lucky you guys are, back in my day we had to hike off campus to a Lee's Sandwich to eat sandwiches with meat that tastes and smells like it was manufactured in a lab, and bread so hard and crusty it would cut your mouth like shattered glass. And we *liked* it, because it was better than anything else within 5 miles. We also had to walk uphill both ways...
WRUOLSe--E9BlaM1YnAtGQ	Cheap coffee, great selection of books, and a computer store across the floor. What more does one need? They have plenty of seating so you don't have to feel crowded while sampling your favorite science book. The 50 cent coffee tasted good too, but they don't offer free refills.
OZTZgCcxO7fcFkZ3LYDroA	Oski's first review was "flagged by the Yelp community," and subsequently removed as "[Yelp's] Support team has determined that it falls outside our Review Guidelines (http://www.yelp.com/faq#great_review) because it lacks a first-hand experience. For example, you can't give a deli a bad review because your co-worker complained about his chicken salad. Your reviews must be about your personal experiences, not someone else's."  What did my initial review say?  "Removed Review: Subpar, even for a junior university."I stand by this, but will include additional commentary to provide my first-hand experience.I've had the misfortune of having to come here more than a few times and am always much more excited to leave than I am to arrive.  If you want to go to a school that looks like a Taco Bell, this is your place.  With only a few exceptions, this school produces graduates who are about as socially maladjusted as the googly-eyed tree that Stanfurd calls its mascot.
S91kz40EtAo3AKUrDyEeDg	I hate that this place is so good, mostly because I live in New York City. Every time I'm at Stanford I make sure to pay a visit to Ike's. The Matt Cain on sourdough is a beast of a sandwich. The sauce is almost too damn good to be on a sandwich. I feel as if I should be having that with some well roasted duck. The staff is really friendly, the drinks they have available are great too. If you're at Stanford, in Palo Alto, hell if you're anywhere in the Bay Area it's worth a trip. The campus itself is beautiful and the food here is great.
O59Ca9_1Jb6HW_rGqaxfFQ	Stanford's award-winning dining avenue, the only place under Stanford's meal-plan that's open in the summer. Free drinks, starbucks coffee and ice-cream. Nice food variety with good quality, at unbeatable price. Great for watching sports events (like Euro2012) as they will set up a huge screen with several decent-sized TV. Ample lighting through large windows, pleasant dining environment overall. A student-ID is needed to enter. You can buy meal-plan package downstairs.
ibvH1Y7Rh_tstiWgH0OFTA	Fraiche's new location impressed me as the ambiance was cozier, warmer, and ultimately more inviting than the old location. Although Fraiche isn't super tart like Pinkberry, I am fond of their yogurts because they are homemade using organic fresh yogurt. They actually make the yogurts from scratch and you can get them either fresh or frozen -so you can choose!Topping choices are extensive and they even make their own mochi. In addition to shaved chocolate, apricot puree, rasberry puree, figs, and other unique selections, they have the standard choices like nuts, blueberry, strawberry, mango toppings, and seasonal fruit toppings.They also serve Blue Bottle coffee and make delicious baked goods!Prices are a bit pricier like Pinkberry but these are pretty much the standard, going rates these days unless you go to the do-it-yourself spots like Yogurtland. The ambiance is great for catching up with friends or just chilling. Love it!
lT6e_jRDzuq32vCQHc-I-A	Ike's Place has taken the torch from coupa and raised food&service standards on campus.  Creative menu, quality food, amazing people, vibrant location, there's not much more you can ask for.The ike's place t-shirt is a nice deal.  I'll surely hit up ike's more than 10 times (shirt = $10, soda = $1; shirt = 1 free soda) and the shirts are well-designed + nice fabric.
QBgKo-REQCVZBQXT6of6Wg	I rather enjoyed our roadie to Palo Alto to catch UCLA at Stanford -- well, the experience anyway, and not the result of the game! Maples Pavilion is definitely a great place to see a game. It would've been nice had the student section filled out with actual students, but that's what happens when you catch a game during a session break.Unlike Haas up in Berkeley, the upper-level seating is a lot less cramped. The highest rows are also not obstructed-view, which is also a plus. I'm going from feel here -- not bothering to look up the actual capacity -- but Maples definitely feels more intimate and closer to the floor than Haas. Only con was mentioned by other reviewers -- like Haas, upper level seating doesn't have seatbacks. So after Caltraining it from SF, sitting in a backless seat, and Caltraining it back, my crappy back was definitely sore.But the basketball-viewing experience was superb!
TKR6wSYFEyNPYJosARYLGA	Today was my first time at Ike's and boy was I excited. We tried to call in our order out of fear of "the hour long line" but couldn't get through. So we just went for it & drove to Ike's at Stanford. Sometimes when you have such high expectations from all the hype the product (in this instance a sandwich) what you get isn't all it's cracked up to be. Well not today!  I was thoroughly impressed with my Ike's experience from parking and ordering & right down to the very last bite. I ordered the Bill Walsh (great coach makes a great sandwich) on dutch crunch & added bacon - no pickles, no onions. I opted for a half sandwich cause the full size was so big (yeah that's was she said). It was just the right amount of food including some Dirty chips. Since the bread was so fresh & the portions on the inside so tasty & not overpowering - I could have easily taken a full size down in one sitting. The Dirty Sauce is something from another planet & I'm sure glad I was able to experience it. As for the wait - we got there at 11:30 and since there were only a few people a head of us - we probably waited a total of 10 minutes from ordering to receiving my sandwich. Not bad, not bad at all!There's an app for that! Something I didn't know am happy I know for future trips to Ike's (where I might not be so fortunate to encounter such a short line) they have an Ike's App. Finally no more calling & calling just to get a full voicemail. Now you can order a sandwich from your iPhone or iPad from any of the locations & customize it just like you would at the counter or over the phone. Genius Ike, genius!
NAZBH_z65b3336FlxRjDZw	Because of the price, I actually think this place is better than average. $5 for 50 balls, especially in an area like Palo Alto/Stanford? I would have never expected it.There's no grass range, but no biggie. I've been rusty for some time now, so getting form back was a lot bigger priority than being a golf snob.
AfFbCEfvNJGyM6qRzTKc9Q	Surprisingly, given my overall high opinion of Stanford, this bookstore has the RUDEST and most unhelpful people working for it.  I bought a book as a gift for my sister, and needed to return it (it wasn't the one she wanted) I didn't have my receipt but had the credit card I purchased it on as well as my bank statement showing the purchase and when I tried to speak to the manager her response was to not look at me, say no and walk away.  In all fairness, she's allowed to say no if store policy requires it-- I get that (oh and by the way, all I wanted was some store credit) but the fact that she was so blatantly rude about it, tells me all I need to know about whether I make future purchases there or not. (in my opinon rudeness is just not acceptable in any situation) Plus the prices here just aren't all that great. RUDE MANAGERS and HIGH PRICES.... heck, enjoy the sunshine of Stanford campus, eat at the yummy cafe's, daydream all you want about someday attending but when you're done and good and need to pick up a couple of books, head downtown to the cheaper, customer friendly Borders on University Ave.
0QeJC2inz6P-OVzROU_LNw	There's an app on the iPhone. You can view the menu, place your order, and freaking pay all w/ a few clicks on your phone! This beats waiting because thereat can be longer than having your pizzas delivered but trust me, it is oh so very worth it. I can't get enough of Ike's. I ordered the Pizzle again. I can eat a million of those. The chicken, bacon, ranch, along w/ the infamous Dirty Sauce and the lettuce, pickles, and peppers is a combination that equates to a heavenly bite. I asked for no tomatoes though. Oh and the Dutch Crunch is toasted to perfection. They have whole wheat, French bread, sourdough, Dutch Crunch, and gluten free bread... I used to always order sourdough until I discovered Dutch Crunch. Super friendly and upbeat staff. Probably the best bunch around!Parking is much easier to find than on the weekdays.
57WX12z2rEMt6S0i_QxdFQ	Things could not have gone better for my husband's 40th birthday party.  Jessica showed up right on time, and I felt so bad that our bar was outside in the 95 degree weather, but she didn't seem to mind at all.  She was SO nice and so excited about the party.  Everyone was blown away by her and the delicious cocktails!  I noticed some people take cards, and I'm sure everyone will keep Stanford's in mind!!  Also working with Carlos on the process was a breeze- thanks again for everything!
lT6e_jRDzuq32vCQHc-I-A	This has to be possibly the worst place I've ever eaten at.  Every item on their menu is from the lowest quality sources and it's clear they try to cut costs in every area they should not.  Frequently it takes unnecessarily long amounts of time for relatively simple orders.  You can end up waiting more than 20-30 minutes for a hamburger&fries.  And no, it's not because the food isn't ready.  It's just that it is sitting there waiting for an employee to bring it to you.  And that employee just never makes the two steps to take it from the cook's counter to the customer's counter.The woman who took my order the other day clearly had a cold and wiped snot onto her fingers and then wiped that snot on her shirt before swiping my stanford card.  If your employees are sick, send them home for a day and figure out a way to make things work!They even get the condiments dispensaries wrong.  Most fast food places (even the dining halls) have ketchup, bbq sauce, etc. dispensers that have you push down on a lever that leads to ketchup being forced out.  You can use the back of your hand to do it if you are skeptical of the cleanliness of other people's hands.  The axe&palm has two bottles for each type of condiment that requires you to use every part of your hand.  They are like tea pots.  Not only is there a gross-out factor, but it leads to lines to simply get ketchup.The food tastes like crap.  The crepes are a joke.  Most everything is greasy and tastes like crappier versions of frozen reheatable food that you could get for cheaper at trader joe's.If it were not for cardinal points/dollar (whatever you call them), this place would be out of business in a heartbeat.
YTdE26NYZdIABe5ykRwJjA	The quality of drinks here is on-par with the Palo Alto location.  I never was a big fan of moonbeams on campus, and I'm so excited about Coupa opening up a location here!I came here on a beautiful sunny afternoon and chilled outside of Meyer library with my tiger spice chai (a longtime favorite of mine.). If you need a boost of energy to get you through midterm studying, I suggest the vanilla latte or the vanilla frappé (perfect for the spring/summer).This is my favorite coffee place in Stanford/Palo Alto.. You lucky ducks!
roQOk5osGeL_Lj7J8mIrpQ	The food is wonderful, but not worth the price or the attitude.  The atmosphere is arrogant, cold, sterile and unwelcoming.  I apologize already for not being a Stanford grad, although I worked there for eleven years and am a longtime PA resident and contributor to the arts!
TXTg2Q1mnf_kbewJs2XhPA	Stanford is an incredible place to go to school.  I went here for undergrad VERY hesitantly, because I wasn't thrilled about the campus (I wanted really old brick buildings), and was afraid that my fellow students would be stuck up.  I went, and loved it so much that I'm back for grad school.Stanford is a remarkably friendly place.  Most of the administrators actually WANT to help you.  If you have an idea for something you want to implement: a club, a team, a class, people will bend over backwards to help you make it happen.Although Stanford students are brilliant, they're also a lot of fun, and think up endless mischief together.  Also, since they don't spend ALL their time studying, the campus atmosphere is much less intense than many other top schools.  The atmosphere is also enhanced by the fact that over 90% of undergrads live on campus.  This means that really good parties happen on campus a *lot*, and that campus is the center of just about everyone's social life.  That makes for a very dynamic environment.  Dorm life is good, too--RAs actually care about their residents, and fun dorm activities abound.One possible downside of Stanford is the location.  Palo Alto isn't nicknamed "Shallow Alto" for nothing.  It's excruciatingly trendy, which is annoying.  But if you know where to look, there are some terrific, affordable hole-in-the-wall gems frequented by students.  Not to mention, you're about 40 minutes from Half Moon Bay, 45 min from San Francisco, 45 min. from Santa Cruz, and surrounded by incredible hiking and biking--from grasslands (2-5 min. away, tops) to redwood forests (15-20 min. away).  This opens lots of possibilities for great weekend trips.To be sure, Stanford isn't for everyone.  But all kinds of people love it--from fashion model look-a-likes to athletes to musicians to nerdy introverts like yours truly.  It really is a special place--and it feels wonderful to be a part of Stanford.
FIHv-S6cb76mLNWLKho88w	Today was my first time trying a Ike's sandwich. I ordered the Change. It was a thin sliced rib eye steak with beer battered onion rings, smoked gouda and BBQ sauce. I posted a picture of it. It wasn't overly stuffed with meat and flavors weren't "OMG!" good... Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. I'll order a different sandwich this week and reassess.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	Here's an update with the hours for Panda Express:Monday - Friday: 10:00am - 10:00pmSaturday - Sunday: 11:00am - 8:00pmTheir phone number is (650) 330-1906
7jyHe-7LcT6eWqipUhfJcQ	Come here every other day. Orders are fast and timely and there is some variation in the menu. Considering the price, the lunch is good. Salads and specials are my favorites.
NkVYcoaThHjOfTTgq6OdHQ	i just have to praise stanford-- and no i didn't even go here. why? well first, i was born here at the stanford univ med center... and second because i grew up just down the street and had no choice but to be surrounded by al things Standord. All my babysitters growing up were students here and very nice.(they studied while i wrecked the house) i really can't imagine my childhood anywhere else. my favorite thing was all those football games. every saturday, the tailgating parties, the family bonding.  we never missed one game. (i was there when Elway played, i witnessed "The Play" in person and also remember when they were still the Indians)  ah, all the fond memories....
SC2HZlY3V7XdwfZ4s4_z8A	Bytes is my favorite on campus lunch spot for sunny days.  They serve healthy fresh salads that are served in a huge bowl or to go container for $6.25 with the option to add chicken ($1.25) or shrimp ($2) and come with a slice for fresh slice of artisan bread.  My favorites are the Thai cabbage salad and the Latin chopped salad.  Others from my entourage also love the Cuban Pork Sandwich.  And the brie/ apple pizza looks delicious though probably not that healthy.  The service is good and fast.  The outdoor patio is lovely on sunny days.  Just wish it were a little cheaper.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	This is the first time I used this Stanford service.  First, I didn't even realize that this place was here (right across from the softball fields where my work team plays) and then, when a friend said "Hey, you know Stanford offers cheap rental cars..." I realized I didn't.I rented online and got a great rate for 7 days.  Economy class car.  So damn small my knees are up to my chest, but what the hell.....I just need a very simple transportation mechanism for a few days.The process was simple and easy.When I showed up today at 3:45 pm on a Friday, the office staff was completely helpful, professional and quick.  Sign, sign, sign.  Here are the keys.  Zoom!Thanks.  Easy peasy.
5MuX5fYZGW8q5Qb86yolqw	This place is wonderful. The food is great and the staff are super friendly and helpful. Plus, they make efforts to have ample vegetarian and vegan options and to use sustainable, local, and/or, organic ingredients.
n5QxaVh7jDxTwW_iOYY3Cw	pretty damn good!  i ordered the lincecum which i devoured in like 5 mins, made me kinda sad i finished it so fast.  i had the lincecum on dutch bread, which i thought was hella bomb hahah with everything on it ;D  the only reason i didnt give it 5 stars, i felt it was a little pricey for a sandwich.  its 10 bucks for a full sandwich thats like 2 subway footlongs!!  but i guess nothing beats quality right ;D  enjoy!
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	I think every Stanford grad student JUMPS at the chance to eat at the Faculty Club.And it's not just because it's free lunch; we get plenty of those as it is.Of course, it's partly the chance to meet with some distinguished visitor, some star in your discipline whom you've been reading ever since you accessed JSTOR for the first time.  But it's also the dreams of the buffet ahead of you: the numerous salad options, the daily specials: usually one or two grain-based or pasta salads, the roasted veggies, the fish and the meat, the soup options...  Last time, they had an amazing farro-pea-asparagus-feta salad.  I had more helpings than I ever hoped to be seen eating in public.The desserts are usually somewhat lacking: they'll have fresh bowls of strawberries with homemade ice cream, and it's best to stick with that.  I've found their bread pudding somewhat chewy, and their cookies often disappointing.That being said, it's kind of nice to go for a classy lunch and not feel compelled to stuff yourself with some extremely rich dessert you know you'll never be able to recreate in your own kitchen ever again.Better to stuff yourself with the entrees and sides.  Don't stop til you get enough.
grpctB0Bem-1_J3GT3Yz0Q	Solid bread - Dutch Crunch.Got the Elmo Sandwich - essentially veggies, avocado, cheese, and pesto.  I believe there was cream cheese in it as well.A little on the pricey side but in comparison to the crud that is subway this place was amazing.  i'd def go back as the menu had a lot of both veg and non veg options.total for a sandwich (9 inches) was 7$.
hP7mKqLv57veQKiFWvA0Dw	This Stanford campus eatery makes one hell of a sandwich. I had the Fred Savage (tuna melt) with all the fixins this afternoon. It was lovely. They do half-sandwiches which is nice and all orders come with a bag of chips or a piece of fruit. Good selection of "better" sodas, too Line was astronomical tho :-(
-kXJlkBaFc7NxKCVf4CgJg	The line can be long, but moves fast. The food can be salty so watch for that - I think that the chicken salad is a good bet, and also the soups (on a cold day)
3XQQnxvYeNxaUIe4Ts1M8A	Awesome service!!! I'm a big fan.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Affordable and delicious Mediterranean, Olives is located in the basement of Bldg 160.   As a staff member at Stanford, I've been here for lunch many times.  I recommend the gyros as well as the falafel.  Most lunch dishes come with rice or couscous, as well as tzatziki or tahini sauce and pita bread. The service is fast and friendly.  There's patio seating up the stairs behind the eatery.  I'd like to suggest you take your food out to the main quad and eat it there. The people watch and the scenery are fabulous!
k7Kmu6m3QXmODN7t4qB6ZA	Food at Stanford University is generally underwhelming.Food near Tresidder Union in particular can be ghastly.Who would'a thunk that what is by all signs a 'roach coach' parked on the curb could actually deliver tasty, memorable, and budget-friendly meals?Such is *NetAppetit,* my friends.  The process is simple and has been described below but, just to summarize:1) You climb into the truck.2) You pick up styrofoam container/plate.3) You fill styrofoam container/plate up with an assortment of goodies (such as green curry tofu [yum], spring rolls, Korean-style BBQ chicken, Thai shredded beef, white & brown rice, egg noodles, steamed veggies, sauteed Chinese eggplant, to name a few).4) You exit truck.5) You place your sizeable container/plate on a scale and pay a pretty good (avg. $5-8) price for delicious food.6) You walk away and eat happy.If you're on campus around noon - 1pm, and are fortunate enough to spot this thing parked behind Tresidder Union -- DO IT!
a0G4ZMN2jScFevRzzLafCw	Jack makes my Monday afternoon drives from work oh-so-nice. I love the Big Love Show, and I love KZSU for keeping local and underground dance music on the air.
l2hZ2026wemwnT4a60b2Xw	Certainly the team deserves a 5* for performance.  And we have 5* fans who provide 5* support.  But the parking and traffic situation could still use improvement.  Things have gotten better with the implementation of paid lots, but after 50 years you would think Stanford PD and Palo Alto PD could provide sufficient traffic control particularly at Embarcadero and El Camino.  Instead traffic backs up on big game days because you see 10 officers sitting on their butts and nobody directing traffic.  Instead they simply let the traffic lights run on their usual timeline, WHICH DOESN'T WORK WHEN YOU HAVE 1000s of additional vehicles converging at the same time.The new stadium is 100% better than the old one but the food options are still too limited.  My only other complaint are the frequently scheduled night games, which just aren't family friendly.  I know that TV revenue is critical, but the 7pm start times are the reason that attendance is often low.  The new AD needs to step up and demand a more predictable schedule and one that is more family friendly.  And please, cut a deal with Directv - you are losing millions of viewers with this Pac-12 network foolishness.
T-AMd62mfTb3Tv7bLoftBA	One of the best golf courses in California, let alone the Bay Area, let alone Palo Alto.  Everything about this course is top notch, just be prepared to spend a pretty penny.It's not for beginners (that's why they have a great driving range across the street) but it is as good as golf gets.
pAaoyciAcHX0dHkqOkSqtw	SO good!  And very convenient for students.  It is a little pricey, so I don't often go, but the yogurt is so delicious.  I've had the frozen yogurts and the fresh, non-frozen yogurt.  I love them both.  I must say that the non-frozen is some of the best plain yogurt I've ever had.  It goes quite well with a cup of blue-bottle coffee or a kombucha!
YjR1HttGdWXJqKYtY2unrg	Stunning design, just pure golf.  No tricky holes, no forced carries, just old fashioned, hard as nails, tough as a b#*%h golf course.  Each and every hole is memorable, the greens are VERY fast, but roll 100% true, and the rough is super sticky and thick, but that's why its called "rough".  Every missed fairway penalizes, as does a missed green on the short side.  I have yet to shoot a decent round (played over a couple dozen times).  But at the end of each round, I walk off smiling, because I have nobody to blame but myself (AKA I suck, the course rocks).  If you have a chance, please do yourself a favor and play the course, it is well worth the $$.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Ah, behold the pomegranate! It is an intimidating fruit, really hard to unlock its pleasures. But those little red gems of slightly bitter, antioxidant pleasure are great if served the right way. They serve pom seeds the right way here at Fraiche: sprinkled around a creamy, sweet-sour bed of frozen organic yogurt, all for less than $5. That's having your desert fix w/out the guilt, and the red-and-white contrast b/t the yogurt and pomegranate is a real feast for the eyes as well as the taste buds. It's a simple meal, to be sure, but sometimes simple meals are the most satisfying. For me, at least (But I gave 5 stars to some fried dough at Tootsie's, so what do I know?)Then, Fraiche also serves Blue Bottle drip coffee, freshly-made to order. I take mine black. It came in a simple white cup w/ recycled holder, and it was good coffee. Nutty, with hints of actually roasted (not burnt!)  beans giving it a slightly smoky flavor w/out overpowering acidity. Not like BBQ smoky, I mean like green coffee beans that have been heated up until they turn brown, revealing tasting notes that are sweet, bitter, and toasted nutty. Layers of coffee flavors even w/out cream or sugar ... that's the secret to some good java!This is the only place on the Stanford campus to get Blue Bottle coffee, which has a cult-like following in Oakland/Berkeley/SF and the long lines to prove it! Here, I had to wait 2 minutes, tops! And then I consumed these lovely little treats in the equally amazing New Guinea sculpture garden just a few steps away: a little-used but spectacular space on campus filled with wooden and stone art works made on-site by mastercraftsmen from Papua New Guinea, who came on the invitation of an anthropology professor in the 1980s. The version of Rodin's "The Thinker" is really, really neat. Better than the original!I might have given Fraiche four stars if I had stayed to eat and drink in the crowded confines of the Tressider Student Union. But it gets a big five "woohoo!" if you take your things to the New Guinea sculpture garden. Trust me on this one!
CQC8qocHkucrO79k7PScsw	Great outdoor seating cafe!  I love their burgers, salads and lattes.  Best place at Stanford to sip on a latte!
YtdTM3_u-vPaaMDcklIikA	I'm going to just be reviewing the food, but I hear that their coffee is excellent (and so probably deserves more stars).  I actually eat here quite a bit and like it a lot.  One of my favorites is the goat cheese crepe (last time, I was a bit disappointed because I found a small piece of what I think was chicken in there... though I've had that crepe more than a dozen times and this has never happened before.  Compared to food establishments on Stanford campus, this is one of the best places (other than Ike's) on the med school/engineering side.  The lines at lunch time are long, but it's not as long as Ike's (also there are healthier options here).I recommend:-Goat cheese crepe (if you like lots of goat cheese).  It's just goat cheese and sundried tomatoes-Tuna paniniAlso, it can be a bit pricey, but they have this half sandwich/half salad option which is a bit more reasonable.  Their Caesar salad has way too much dressing for me, so I ask them to put it on their side or get the other salad.
u_LBaXlugdLHPdV9JksIgw	Better since moved from downtown Pali. More space, and Tammy is always great with a big smile and some how knows every specialty by heart.
MlKAJcxlTzrJtgwg3qtTPg	I've only been there twice, but it's right on my way between the two buildings I need to go to regularly on campus, so in principle I should go there more. But I don't because those two experiences were so bad!I think what they need to do is train their staff better. The first time I went was a Saturday, and there were like seven people working there but nobody seemed to know what to do. I waited like 20 minutes in a line of about 6 people for a salad, and since I was on an un-sanctioned break from work eventually I said just give me my $6 back. At this point somebody ran out with the salad, but it was terrible! They just slapped it in a container, no finesse, no bread, and it seemed like it was left over from last night or something because it didn't taste good at all. (It was the delicious black bean and corn salad that I usually love from Coupa)The second time I went there, I wanted to get a coffee box for a meeting I was going to, and so I asked how much it cost. The gentleman at the cash register had no idea, and said his manager knows but is on break. I asked if I was just out of luck, and he looked sheepish and said yes. So I put my money back in my wallet and went to Bytes. Really? The staff doesn't know how much a coffee box costs and the manager knows but is on break and apparently off the grid?
UKsBKla6IjgOeKe_UC5Dbg	I went here for Clinical Informatics (the design of clinical systems in the field of Medicine and Biotech) and every class was so ahead of the fray. Everyone is talking about web 2.0 and they were teaching web 3.0 System design techniques. Just outstanding education. Any degree, class, or certificate is worth its weight in Gold.
NnL6HUNY9ckb9mSbTGkjOg	Fair prices. Good Mediterranean salad. Okay lattes.
GfUn_M1mxkqg32--2LewWA	I really like this place for having an appealing vegan lunch option.  The vegan sandwiches are both tasty and have enough protein to satisfy a born-and-raised Midwesterner.  (Note that after I've lived in CA for the last 7 years, I still prefer more protein than most natives, but less than what I am served whenever I go back to TX. ;) )  I almost always order the vegan captain Corey, and they've never made it badly.That said, the main reason I come here is that it is ~300 meters from my office in Gates.  And I NEVER go during lunch time: the wait is just too ridiculous, especially when I'm hungry.  I sometimes come here for dinner for a late night @ the office, because they stay open until 7pm, and they get very few customers in the evening, so the wait time is much more reasonable.If you really want to have some Ike's for lunch, your best bet would be to call in and place an order at about 10am or earlier.  I wouldn't recommend just walking in much past 11.
P5bUL3Engv-2z6kKohB6qQ	New Ike's on Stanford campus that serves many of Ike's sammies in half servings, I guess to fit student budgets. Had a Matt Cain (Roast Beef, Turkey, Salami, God Father Sauce, Provolone ) and Herbert Hoover (Ham, Mozzarella Sticks, Bacon, American) combo. Everyone was pretty happy. You get chips with each sandwich and can choose from a variety of kookie sodas which is down my alley. Recognized the manager from RWC. I Think Ike was slinging sandwiches in back! The lines area already pretyt long and it seems liek ABC 7 was there to report the news. The building is still pretty new and not completely built out yet so there's not much ambiance to speak of. You can go sit outside on the patio area or at plenty of the lounge style seating on the new furniture inside. Im definitely glad to have Ike's closer to me now as I don't work in the building nextdoor to the RWC locale anymore. Cant wait for them to add more selection to the menu too!Note: their new phone line is not up yet so I put up the SF one
tvTm4FsyGAJw5pn1aCQyVA	Since a few other runs had been rated on Yelp, I thought that I would add another amazing one that occurs every year.  This very affordable 5K is one of those races that is well organized and just makes you feel as if you are doing good for society (helping fund treatment and research on pulmonary hypertension) while doing good for yourself and having fun.  The course is around Stanford's campus and the people are really friendly.  I ran this race by myself and was amazed at how friendly everyone was.  A great feel good activity for a good cause.
n1AYydmhQHe1PVQBKa8qoQ	Reasons to Love Stanford: 1) Full moon on the quad: Giant drunken kissing fest in Quad on the first full moon of October.  Officially it's for seniors to "welcome" freshmen with their lips, but really it's just an all-out kissing orgy. 2) Exotic Erotic: The only rule is that guys wear one item and girls wear 2. I've seen some of the craziest/ most creative costumes ranging from guys entrusting a simple beer case to house their junk to girls using leaves and sparkles to barely clad their private parts. 3) Freshman year scavenger hunt: Unbelievably fun and crazy, filled with streaking, piercing, and all sorts of "acclimating to SF" activities. Love it!4) Freshman dorm: Maybe it's the corny side of me, but the whole summer camp aspect of dorm life from bonfires to crossing the line to house meetings all made my dorm feel like home. Awwww.5) Weather, palm trees, hotties in the dorky intellectual sense that I like oh so muchOh yeah, and the classes were good too I guess... ;)
EaQUJq6nI0PdI6YiRSb4wA	I really like this Fraiche, right now it's actually my favourite Froyo since Pinkberry got rid of their peanut butter flavour (booooooooo).The toppings are always great and there's plenty of variety. And, they are open early so I can have some delicious yoghurt, fruit and granola for breakfast - perfect!
k43yALzNcWA0-vqbbyYNmA	Soooo slow. Waited an hour and half from the time we got in line til we got our sandwiches. They need to hire some supply chain consultants or something. They are making sandwiches back there not fighter jets. And having waited in line for that long, I realized that Ike's doesn't actually serve an incredible volume of people, they are just slow and inefficient. The end.
U8yokVEeG2Yv5iLTTkeDIA	A lot of people hate on Stanford, and yes I admit there are a lot of people who have had to work with at least one mean stanford person, but there are mean people everywhere. Even though I didn't think Stanford would be my style at first, it grew on me. It's genuinely beautiful and even though i often dress like atotal dirtbag, i never felt snubbed on the campus. Stanford holds so many free events that are open to everyone, and that's a very cool thing. Even though I don't think business school is right for me, it is really nice being able to volunteer at events and be at the business school and talk to students and professors.The only thing I'd be worried about as a parent is that it's such a pretty campus, how do the kids study? I actually wonder that about all the California campuses.  in my day before my university went through renovation we had a ratty run down gym with 2 stairmasters and a weight room only for serious weightlifters (i.e. no shake weights). we had musty stacks and classrooms without air conditioning, and this was a rich kid school. On the other hand, there are some really OG architectural projects there. It's even more impressive considering how many people have to approve of stuff to get anything done since this place is so alumni focused.If you are really into learning and aren't  out to do some creepy thing, you will not ever feel rejected or looked down upon for benig uneducated or poor here. Well, I haven't worked here as a janitor, so I can't talk, though. I think the multimillion dollar entrepreneur who funded that awesome latino grocery store started out as a janitor here.!I like being an outsider too. If you've ever worked in academia there are all sorts of wacky things going on, and it's kind of more fun to be outside of that stuff and enjoy the atmosphere, sort of the way you can just see the glitz and glam going on a tv studio tour or a tour of some famous corporate campus. you don't have to make the sausage, you can just taste it!
I2i9aIHhFvdhUsHgP6AP_g	Carlos is a very warm, fun and intelligent individual. He came with an excellent drink special menu and my guests were very happy with the drinks he mixed and the energy brought to my girlfriends birthday party. I would certainly hire him again.Upon discussing my needs for my event, Carlos made some great suggestions and I felt he met all my expectations.
mi6raRWQboj29_hGUo01jg	heard this place had a good burger. i was seriously disappointed. only gets two stars because it was cheap, which is hard to find on campus.
1BaQCVIzgps99Ige9APsUw	This school is highly over-rated. The children walk out with mediocre Spanish, at best. The teaching is heartless and shallow (like most things in Palo Alto) and the community members, many of whom are your typical Silicon Valley engineer types, have no social graces or idea what a quality educator looks like. The children are bright and thus the scores are high. Their performance has little to do with the quality of instruction, though. Sadly most parents are too ignorant to know this.
wpvhAD4GNtHhE4iUwiUGiQ	The green Library location has a much better selection of food and salads than the GSB location.  Worth the walk across campus if you are hungry.
EuIh4hwfMCxO05BilHhRrQ	Fraiche yogurt is very tart, and they have unique toppings like ollalieberry and agave necter. However, their prices are sky high and while service is friendly, it's often very slow. I prefer Red Mango yogurt, but Fraiche is very good.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	Wonderful to have all these choices of fresh ingredients making up dishes from all over the world--Mexican, Italian, Asian, Mediterranean, etc. Nice to see a good variety of fresh salads via a self-serve bar. Not many other places I can think of on campus that house that sort of variety under one roof. While a bit pricey, Nexus presents a change of pace especially for those of us who work on another side of Stanford.Today, I had a tilapia grill with a bit of Southwestern flair--nicely done fish without being overcooked. I hope to try Nexus again at some point.
5kk3tDlShYVDZAwiOL3etw	I like Subway subs.
nr8-qkqTx6Yv7TlD2CjbJQ	LOVE! -superb chai lattes -cool, artsy atmosphere -makes me want to move to Stanford Fun fact: Ben Silberman, founder of Pinterest, shared that this is his favorite coffee spot in NorCal during his presentation at Alt Summit :)
sfXELG2SCfb8B7Ay5LmY7g	Stanford campus is so big that it has its own bus lines. The buses are free and run all day. If you need to get from one end of campus to another, the Marguerite can get you there.Don't have the schedule? Don't want to wait outside and hope the bus is coming soon? There's the ability to track the buses online in real-time to see how close they are. On the web if you go to:http://transportation.stanford.edu/margueriteyou can track the buses and see their routes. If you have an iPhone you can down the iStanford application to track the buses too! The Marguerite is great!
o-t-i7nbT5N_cmkCXs5oDQ	Ohhh, the good ole days when I used to eat lunch at Thai Cafe three times a week!... Quite frankly, the food there is not the best I've had, and I don't think it's really Thai at all. But let's face it: where else on Stanford campus can you eat a good lunch for $5? (I miss the days when it was still $4.25)Be ready to endure the huge line around lunch time (but it moves fast), and to be yapped at by the Thai Nazi (better have your order and money ready when you get to the front of the line!), but it's all worth it!! My favorites: the peanut sauce salad (shrimp with peanut sauce on rice vermicelli noodles), the vegetable curry (butternut squash, potatoes and bell peppers in curry sauce over steamed rice), and on occasions the chicken salad (BBQ chicken with chili sauce over egg noodles)...
_Qhzoro1aBBAfaVk_nkqVw	I come to the location outside Green Library for coffee.  The food is pretty good, but fairly pretentious for a grab-n-go joint such as this.  It works in downtown Y2E2, but not outside of Green.Now about that coffee.  Everyone says it is dark and strong.  Well, that's true for Stanford, but you can do better - much better - off-campus.  For a refill I've been charged everything from $1 to $3.  Why so inconsistent?  Well, the service is normally just plain bad.
jotP6mdocZYKsEGU4gA69Q	I hired Carlos to set up and run the bar for a company summer party. Carlos was great helping accommodating our particular taste in wine, and designed a special Collin's menu around our summer theme. Carlos was great, quickly replying to questions and helping working out details over email. He and his additional bartender arrived on time and set up a beautiful, very professional looking bar. They were able to quickly pour and serve and people came in waves. The drinks were delicious too! They did a great job with cleanup, and made the whole party easy for us to enjoy.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	This place is great.  I work at Stanford so clearly, this shop is muy convenient for me...just a short walk through campus.  The guys at the shop helped me buy a bike in 5 minutes flat...got me set up with three packages (safety, utility, security) and it'll be ready for me tomorrow!The fellas are super nice, they set me up with something affordable and cute (yeah, yeah, the color of the bike doesn't matter, but as I told a friend, purple makes me FEEL like it goes faster!). :)
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	Twisted Sprout is my favorite of the Union Square Tresidder dining options.  That being said, I've had to deal with a lot over the years.Salads used to be close to $8.  I'd come but not that often, because it was too expensive.They changed to all "green" packaging for free, then added a surcharge for using green packaging, then took away green containers altogether.They raised the prices.  They changed the size.  They lowered the prices.  They made chicken a separate charge.And still, I love it.  The southwestern salad is delicious, and it's currently at $5.50 (extra $1 for chicken).  Hurry and come get it before it changes!  They're open from 11-2 on weekdays.  Be sure to tell the cashier what you actually got because they tend to charge wrong.  Ask for a receipt.  Show your Stanford ID to get tax off or use points if you have a dining meal plan.  Other salad options include Classic Greek and Farmer's Strawberry (these rotate every now and then but Southwestern is a staple).
LXTd3Kl_ZXJ1sKeYWwlzlg	Two of the best years of my life. Stanford rocks!
LTFb-ij3TDTo_pDZYmUPxQ	I just recently started coming to Coupa during lunch breaks since I normally get really lazy and end up at Clark Center or CCSR.  BUT, this place is definitely worth the trek to Y2E2.  The panini's are pretty good, and my favorite dish is the Chicken pesto Crepe.The filling for the crepe is amazing, with mushrooms and moist chicken and filled with flavorful pesto sauce.  It's a really light lunch too, and you definitely feel full, but not comatose afterwards.  I always pair my meal with an iced coffee drink from Coupa, especially during the warm summer days.  The coffee is pretty good as well, better than the alternative peet's or starbucks nearby.  Overall, Y2E2 is a pretty nice place to eat, with a small patio area outside of the cafe.  You almost forget that you are in a University building.
Aga2sEL7yQSycmx3Txk_XA	Great: Ham panini--quite delicious, and mixture of sauce and veggies in it is really good. Definitely recommend it.Goat cheese salad: really good, but it's sort of hard to mess up a salad lolNot so great: Crepes--they're ok. Nothing too special. The last one I got (and the last one I'll ever get from here) was the Strawberry Shortcake crepe. It was supposed to come with strawberries and whipped cream, but when I got it, it only had strawberries with a small bit of strawberry sauce. This made the crepe quite dry, and tasted sort of like an expensive jam sandwich....I've had other crepes here as well, but for the price, I feel like they're not really worth it and underwhelming.Overall, pretty much an okay place to eat, but you gotta be careful of what you order, b/c this place is a bit expensive and you don't want to luck out. Service is okay--the cashiers can seem a bit unwelcoming, depending on who you get.
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Thai-style conveyor belt for refueling graduate students.
FzdKDEnEXdUVzog6y2lAwg	The best Gluten Free sandwich I have ever eaten.  Definitely a must try!
_0F_PHkemmmWpAjfiXR_9g	I have seen the negative reviews, but I am here to say I have had a very positive experience with the whole process. I started in late May and next week I will be getting a CPAP machine. Relatively speaking, this was a very quick process for me. I go to CBTI (cognitive behavior therapy for insomnia) and I had a sleep study and titrate study. Although I has one problem with a doctor leaving and not getting an appointment until July 11th. I was able to talk to my CBTI therapist and she was not only able to get a doctor to go over my results on the same day, but I was able to get into the sleep study that night (due to a cancellation list). I had an incredibly good stroke of luck there, but the staff is very helpful and if you are persistant and willing to be on a cancellation list, it can all happen very quickly.
GGSfLyM88SbFGhnm46ykXQ	The food taste great and they take time on the presentation! The staff is friendly and attentive
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Delicious sandwiches. Gets so busy but they have a pick-up service via phone call and smart phone apps. Amazing.
awrs3tozVLD-OQtZxp9HLw	It was my first race ever and I can't compare yet but I loved everything about it. The event was vert well organized - from registration to package pick-up and the race itself.I have to thank the volonteers: they did an amazing job helping all the way out, and the race was a fun family-friendly event. I am doing it next year again.
Y6T4Fjtm4u2EytobnlLAsw	I get a sandwich there three or four times a week, which means it's ok.You need to find your favorite and then stick with it I guess. I go for the roast beef or the chicken breast. Portions are generous, produce is very fresh and bread as well. I can't say the staff are friendly nor very fast, but they are ok and would put what you want on your sandwich - and what else do you need?! I do agree that the outside seating area is far from posh or even very clean, but it's fine for a quick lunch sandwich as far as I am concerned.Beware of the rush hour line (12:00-12:30). Fast service is not the key word here so prepare to get there a bit early or a bit late. If you do come in late forget about the meatball sandwich on french roll - they will be out of it (I assume since it's the most food you can get for your buck, it gets ordered a lot).I do love their espresso and cappuccino!!!The prices are murder, but that's what you get around campus.All in all a decent place for a quick sandwich.
TrJPdBIh-eWapTbZb0EH9w	This place isn't that good. As someone who adores Thai food, I've tried maybe 3 or 4 of the dishes offered here and the food was pretty mediocre. It's cheap and filling, though, and covered with just enough spices so that sometimes it'll just do when you're running on a tight schedule during lunch hours. The lady who takes your order isn't very nice and rushes you a lot (honestly, know what you're going to order before you get to her at the window or she'll glare at you hatefully) but the upside to that is that the line moves impressively quickly. Fixed prices for food at $6, $1 drinks. Cash only. I don't think it's worth it if you have the time to spend meal points somewhere else, but a lot of people seem to like the food here, so maybe give it a shot if you have cash and can't get to Coupa or something.
T_ua0osjaKMUmyhwOZfFTw	So the girls at work kept raving about Ike's Place and how good their sandwiches were. I kept asking, "well what's so good about it?" but they kept saying you just have to try it. So today my co-worker very nicely offered to go get us sandwiches from Ike's Place.I ordered the Hot Mama 1/2 sandwich: chicken, buffalo wing sauce, ranch, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles. Upon my first bite the first thing that came out of my mouth was "OH MY GOD" This is one of the best sandwiches I have tasted (EVER!). I do have to say that this sandwich is super messy and must be eaten very fast so that the bread won't get soggy with all the yummy buffalo wing sauce yum! The sandwich comes with your choice of chips and a caramel apple lollipop :) I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches (although I am the type that finds one good thing and sticks to it) but I think I could be adventures at this place :) Will definitely be coming back and bringing my family here! Highly recommend it!
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	According to the May 13 issue of the Stanford Daily, Moonbean's Coffee will be replaced by Coupa Cafe by the end of June.
uT_J1dCJ3KQ6L_iZy0_UjA	This is listed as a nightlife venue?  WTF???This is a big general-use auditorium.  There is the odd musical performance here along with a bunch of lectures, Gaieties (the pre-big game musical), Flicks (movies for people who don't have cars and are stuck on campus) and not much else.  Go to the Stanford Lively Arts website http://livelyarts.stanford.edu and see if there's anything you like.
Hd61eHgLQaoLmjlkOoHRtQ	Very rude staff! I came here to mail four international letters.  The staff said to me "we ran out of international stamps" and stared back at me. I was like "huh???" as I just want to pay and mail out those letters and I don't even intend to buy some international stamps!  She barked back at me saying "Good that we are not busy, so I can use 2 domestics and one 10 cent for your letters."  and slowly she taped those stamps on my envelopes as if I owe her a big favor.Does it take a genius to do that?  Where's my tax dollars?
WNVmKQaW_H4R_kt0MQ7oTw	Ate here quite a bit studying for the Bar Exam because nothing is open late in the evening on campus during summer.  Eventually got sick of the food.  The food  is generally nice, but comes in relatively small portions.  Still, nice chilled environment inside to chat or to pull out a laptop and do a bit of surfing.
dA5sNv-AbKPTo8oN6LcUZw	It just doesn't work around the Bay Area. The $50 per hour late fee kicks in if you are a few minutes late.  You can rent by the 1/2 hour, and the rate is inexpensive ($8 per hour) but with Bay area traffic, it's easy to an hour or more late. Who wants to add 2 hours to the rental "just in case"?That's exactly what happened to me. I realized I was going to be late, tried to extend my reservation, was blocked because someone else had reserved the car and was forced to pay the late fee. It's incredibly frustrating to return 20 minutes late, pay 50 bucks extra and pull in to find all the other zipcars are just sitting there. With their heavily computerized reservation system,  why couldn't they swap out the reservation and charge me a "change fee" since 2 other cars were available, oh, a wildly inconvenient 18 inches away? Until they can figure out more flexible reservations, I am not a fan.
OzU3uTiW1cq22iEEy8_TVg	Mmmm, yum! This cafe/deli/BBQ is the perfect place for lunch - if you can beat the 12 o'clock mob. (And even then, they make the sandwiches fast, so the line is moving along nicely.)I love the bagel and lox for less than $3, on an Asiago cheese bagel. But their sandwiches are great, and you can ask for all sorts of extras, since they are a gourmet deli. Plus, pick up chips, soup, ready-made salad, all sorts of beverages including chai tea lattes, or even single-use packs of Tylenol. Over the summer, they have a grill running on some days, so you can grab a burger or a hot dog, too. And then sit out in the "bird cage" of CCSR and people-watch. Too bad lunch break is so short!TIP:To beat the lunch crowd, sign up on mytango.com and place your order. In the time it takes for me to walk through the hospital, my sandwich is freshly made, waiting for me. I get to grab and go - yum!
WYCv0Q-QIKCSIo8IqOLOfw	Ordered the usual manga-a-go-go, orange dream machine and strawberries wild. 2 of each, please. Since these drinks were for kids I ordered the 16 oz, but the cashier placed the order for original size and split the cups into 2. Then a 50% off during Happy Hour. Score! The entire order was $9.45 and 6 happy kids equals happy mom/auntie. I'm glad the cashier knew how to ring up the order.
0qs6DAP97Q2xf47ADd4prA	In all fairness, I'm basing this review on one double espresso, nothing else.It was super-hot, really too hot to drink for a long time, and absurdly bitter -- which I know from reading the product info on my aeropress is a natural consequence of using water that's too hot to brew coffee.  Unless they get this corrected, their espresso and espresso-based drinks will be wrong.So coffee geeks -- beware of this place.
iZSFq5tha83JnZUFy9OrXg	PRO: Location is great.CON: Sandwiches are bland and thoroughly mediocre.  The Caesar salad I got today was $7, and it had almost no Caesar dressing.  It did have a mound of supermarket lettuce and four burnt croutons.  No thanks, Coho.  Treehouse has a $5 Caesar salad that is about twenty times better.
cfm2QPqbISLE6w3d9fp1ag	A place on campus to buy groceries. I don't know why this is such an innovative concept, but this makes me happy. It is a bit pricey though, but that's expected in its location and with its quality and variety. It's like the bastard child of Whole Foods and 7-11. Sure, theres the shelving on the wall with condoms and mouthwash and those wall-sized fridges in the back with drinks, but there are also squash, strawberries, and even pineapples in the cute little produce section, ethnic foods like korean barbecue sauce and nori for sushi, Starbucks coffee, and gelato. Seriously, folks. Gelato. And it's pretty good gelato too.If you're on campus, check it out. It's hidden in Munger, but they're promoting it with signs all around the complex.
63IsblsehOcN2OvhVIP9Vg	Yes, it's FREE public transportation!  They've been improving their schedule and now run on time...  mostly.I love the Palm Drive Express from the Caltrain station to the Oval; if you need to go to the hospital, the mall, SLAC, or even Mountain View, the Marguerite will take you there too.
MxnNT3MSGco7hQN6-pCNow	Wow Stanford is so pretty and their track is just one place in the entirety of this beautiful campus. I had the privilege to run around this campus for my Team Challenge group run on a Saturday morning.  Luckily the weather was accommodating and we ran along campus drive from the Cobb Track and back and it was about 4 miles. Finished the run with 1 lap around the track which felt so good on my feet and knees. There is plenty of parking here and clean bathrooms to use as well. You do have to leave the track once Stanford teams start to practice on it but before and after that you can practice your pace on this track and also use the bleachers for conditioning!I'd love to come back!  If I don't I hope all those that have access to this track weather Palo Alto local, student, teacher, faculty, you better use it because I'm jealous! haha
NzSu37JRoZJN7mZjitdaBA	Great music for  EVERYONE! Some shows WE love are:    SUNNYSIDE UP w/ Bruce (bluegrass, country, cowboy, trucker songs, etc.) Sunday mornings 9 - 11:30  BLUES WITH A FEELING w/ The Byrd (blues old & new, in between, too) ... now you know, he loves everybody but especially you! Saturday mornings 9-Noon  DEEP FRIED and SANCTIFIED (love the name, baby! I've found religion) not sure when she's on anymore, only caught her special, but you can find out more at www.deepfriedandsanctified.org
H74c_2LheXJmtEJd2EV6WQ	Ike's is definitely one of my favorite places in the Bay Area. There should be an Ike's in So-cal! I have tried Change, Lincecum, Menage a Trois, Spiffy Tiffy, Forty-Niners. My favorites are Menage a Trois and Spiffy Tiffy.  The Menage a Trois contains 3 types of meat and cheese. The honey mustard with bbq sauce makes it sweet for the ultimate sandwich. The Spiffy Tiffy can be a little heavy due to the halal chicken in pesto but with a kick of avocado the sandwich becomes too hard to resist or as Adam Richman would say "avocado is food's kryptonite."What makes Ike's so special is that each sandwich comes with the dirty sauce (an garlic aioli) and with each bite you can taste the ingredients of your sandwich. Also the Dutch Crunch is crunchy yet soft for a perfect couple to the party in the oral cavity.No more free chips with each sandwich purchase but supposedly the sandwich prices are $1 cheaper. If you sign up to be on the email list you receive coupons for BOGO Free sandwiches on your birthday. Now that's a deal! Stop reading about Ike's and GO!
V7EnMOl3O9jBq7p8KvYcFg	Classes with SAY are an amazing deal.  For $70, you can go to unlimited classes all quarter long.  They offer yoga, pilates, and aerobic-type classes.  Pilates on Saturday morning is an especially good workout, I always feel good (but sore!) afterwards.  Yoga classes vary a lot depending on the instructor.  The good thing is that you can try them all out and decide which one works for you.  Also, sometimes the yoga classes get REALLY crowded, and I don't think they ever turn people away, so it's useful to come early to get a good spot.
WGWB1s5fVnFjnAyNkK-lzw	It doesn't beat La Lucha sandwiches in Peru, but it's the closest I'll find at home. I'm a sandwich lover, and I LOVE Ike's. No better spot for it than on campus, though I wish they delivered. For those of you who aren't familiar with Stanford campus, you should just go to the Redwood City location which is way more accessible.While you can walk over to the engineering quad and order, the smarter thing to do is  use the iphone application to have your order ready exactly when you want it and then go pick it up without a wait. The app even saves your favorites and your info to make it a speedy process. Not the cheapest sandwiches, but the price for the whole is not so bad (compared to all the other overpriced stuff you pay for in palo alto) and they are super flavorful and filling. Don't leave leftovers for the next day though, as the bread gets soggy and it no longer has that crunch.
Kkfw0DU6JUIqgZF9WVuPhA	Best place @ Stanford for a quick caffeine pick-me-up! The latte is a perfect balance of strong bitterness & milkiness & foam! The baristas always create beautiful foam art to enjoy too! Coupa is my daily morning and afternoon spot (open late too if you need to jolt for late-night studying). It's especially perfect on a sunny day when students congregate around the library and fountain. Note: It only has outdoor seating so not ideal for those rainy days.The food is definitely worth trying too! I love the paninis for the crunchy fresh bread. My favorite is the capresa with thick slices of mozzarella, fresh basil, & juicy tomatoes. Simply yum! They also have an array of fresh-baked pastries and desserts (pancakes, waffles, crepes, croissants, brownies, cookies, etc) for those with a sweet tooth.
0SszJSfD5LaOqmOVgLqe2g	Ike's Place makes delicious sammies.   They have a long menu of varied options, good fresh breads and ingredients, delicious halal chicken unique as a sandwich fixing, and tasty garlic pesto mayo house sauce.  The only knock to Ike's is that it's grossly OVERPRICED (approx. $12 for their typical sandwich).  There's far too much potential for $12 to make Ike's average sized sandwiches worth a semi-regular visit.  There are also better things to do with your time, considering this location inside Stanford's Engineering quad is only convenient if you're walking through this part of campus.  Parking isn't particularly close or easy, and the lunch time hours guarantee a long wait.  CALL YOUR ORDER IN EARLY (i.e. in their first hour of being open) if you're anticipating lunch at Ike's.  Otherwise, orders (also submittable via their App) can only be prepared for 2-4 hours from call-in time, so be ready to wait.  What I've had:Their dutch crunch roll is a winner.  I typically opt for wheat bread with sammies (and theirs is delish), but this doughy bread with a moist inside and crackly top (made by a lather of rice flour, butter, sugar and yeast applied before baking) is irresistible.  It's also flexible, fitting well with nearly any sandwich.  On a fun note, dutch crunch is apparently unique to NorCal and Oregon.  Spiffy Tiffy... this sandwich is worth going out of your way for.  Shredded halal chicken, mushrooms, avocado, pesto, provolone, and the house sauce make a wonderful combination on wheat bread or a dutch crunch roll.  SF Giants... turkey, bacon, avocado, swiss.  Nice combo, delicious lunch.  Menage a Trois... the halal chicken is awesome, but the honey + honey mustard + bbq is a bit complicated and overly sweet.  Jim Rome...turkey, red pesto, avocado, and cheddar goodness.  Nothing to write home about, but it's a reliable lunch fix.  In all, Ike's makes some good sandwiches at an overly steep price.
FAArGkbd6l3t73uR-jfw_Q	This place is the best public place on Stanford campus for lunch. Reasonable prices, too.
aKAGlmoKsgnQ8Avh86-SOg	Read all the reviews about how long the wait is and how unworthwhile the sandwiches are. Please take them to heart. And stay away from Ike's. Don't come here. Like everyone says, the sandwiches are *SO* much better at every other location than this one. So don't even bother waiting in line. Don't waste your time paying for parking. Just don't bother. Stay away from my Ike's.To be honest, I'm not sure what everyone is up in arms about. The sandwiches are delicious here. The Spiffy Tiffy and the SF Giants are both very solid sandwiches. The Dutch Crunch bread is actually to die for. And the dirty sauce that accompanies both sandwiches is really freaking amazing. Yes, the sandwiches are more expensive. It's Stanford, I bet the rent is pretty high. But really, I've spent about the same or more money on mediocre stuff from Lutticken's, and had too much sandwich that just wasn't worth finishing. The half-sandwich here is just the right size with a bag of chips, and I don't feel like a Fatty McFatterson afterward. It's a delicious sandwich that you don't get sick of.I've seen Ike here the last couple of times I went, so it looks like since the SF location closed down, he's been taking care of business here. I'll admit, the waits are really inconsistent, and either really quick given the number of people in line, or really, unbearably long. Don't come here for a quick lunch; that's about the silliest thing you can do. If you show up not on a schedule and know how to be patient, then it's totally worth it. But really, don't come here. The fewer people in line ahead of me, the better.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	When I first scoped this joint out, I was inexorably drawn to the brick pizza oven like a moth to an open, 550 degree flame. On visit #2, for an actual meal, I controlled my urge and headed right to the hot meal/deli/soup area. This turned out to be a most fortuitous choice and resulted in an extra Yelp star for the Russo Cafe.For the laughably low, fac/staff discounted price of $5.45, my wife and I feasted on a hearty turkey pot pie, a bowl of butternut squash soup, and a green bean side salad. All were served in lovely stoneware (some from England), with Oneida silverware, recycled brown napkins, and an elegant bamboo serving tray. These eco-friendly dining implements accentuated the earth-tone interior of the place, esp. the lovely and artfully-installed tilework, countertops, and stone facades. It's a very brown but also very pretty space with enough barstool-style seating to accommodate the moderate-to-large crowd who had gathered here by 12 noon. The food was simply and professionally prepared w/out bells and whistles, or those little extras you would get at a sit-down place (here it's cafeteria-style service). The turkey pot pie had a flaky, filo dough crust, some melted Swiss cheese below and a creamy interior with meat, celery, carrots, and onions. It lacked a green color and flavor contrast, like fresh peas or parsley, and a dash of ground nutmeg would have given the dish a bit of pizazz. But it was comforting winter fare, nonetheless.Likewise, the butternut squash soup came in the familiar form of a pleasantly yellow purée with chicken stock and cream, but without nice treats like freshly-chopped chives, toasted caraway seeds, or a dollop of silky-sour crème fraîche. To be sure, the lines were long and the chefs had to keep things moving, but the need for speed in the food biz can be a source of some reduced culinary pleasure, as it was here. The green bean salad was sensibly prepared with some crushed feta, sliced purple radishes, and dried cranberries and came served in a nice little cup. Staffers then zoomed in unobtrusively to take away our tray and free up space for the next wave of customers.The only real downside here is that they serve Starbuck's coffee at the little pastry and desert station instead of something more exotic (like the delicious Venezuelan coffees at Coupa Cafe in the Y2E2 Building). But presumably Starbuck's outbid others for the contract, and that's fine. But I ain't given away my fifth star unless things change or the chocolate raspberry cake in the display case that beckoned to me is really, really good!
8rDoTAvdBGb4ur-zU34h-w	Okay the fries are AWESOME. yes they're greasy but they're fries so whatever. I like the onion rings and the waffle fries especially but garlic fries will make me smile too.Late night is great for students and they have a really good mint shake (nope not on the menu. ask for it). Quesadilla's are pretty good too. As for the burgers, idk. They're big and meaty but just aren't something to remember. OH wait they have really good cookies. Ask them to warm them up for you though before and then you have hot chocolate gooeyness that makes your stomach love you forever.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	It pains me to do this because I love Ike's sandwiches so, so much but the customer service here is beyond atrocious.    My last three visits, there has been an error on my sandwich.   Most recently, my fiance picked up sandwiches and brought them to me at work.  He placed his order by phone the day before.   When he showed up, they had no record of his order.   They told him he must have called the SF location.   When he told them he had called a 650 area code, they basically said "eh, whatever."    He then had to wait for about 25 minutes while they made the sandwiches.    When he brought them to me, we opened them up and discovered they had left off the avocado on BOTH sandwiches.   As I said, this is the third consecutive time my sandwich has been wrong at Ike's.   But this time, we couldn't bring it back and make them make us a new one.    Moreover, when I contacted Ike through his Facebook page to express my disappointment, he didn't so much as offer an apology.    Very poor customer service.So, 5 stars for sandwiches, 1 star for service.   I guess I'll leave it at 3 but I doubt we're likely to come back.    I wonder how long they'll last at Stanford, I know many people are growing increasingly dissatisfied with the lack of service.
TyYb_VmSNtY2k3hZqHWqkQ	In reading the reviews one must separate the first month or so of meetings and studies with the actual results.  In the past three years  I've been to two sleep clinics, had three sleep studies, and not been helped out much.  I keep thinking that the tests they run do not really reflect the way that I sleep.Stanford has a beautiful building and facilities but I felt like they were playing basket ball with me - I got bounced around a lot.  It is a maze of offices and too big.   I have not decided whether to return to peninsula sleep center or stanford sleep center.  Peninsula was a lot more intimate, smaller, and none of the rat race.  So I am leaning towards going back to Burlingame and getting fit for an oral appliance.
pZKlN2acOyHoaNZErtqpnw	I have heard about this place many times but finally tried it for the first time today.  Everything I heard was right.... awesome!  My friend and I got 2 different sandwiches (Jim Rome and SF Giants) and split them to try 2 different sandwiches.  They were both yummy... and filling.  I'd say save the 2nd half for later.
u_LBaXlugdLHPdV9JksIgw	Many a veggie meatball sandwich have I consumed under the bamboo while hacking my way through Stanford's PA program... nice spot on a sunny day.
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Beautiful place with really helpful staff.  Elevator is centrally located.
PXV5AU2ZU-aRWLa6lykMlA	I think you get a decent haircut from any of the guys, but Joe is the man. Ask for him.
DfcdoGzz39FBS6o8U7ZyOQ	Ok, people, for those complaining about a lack of parking, let me clarify - this ain't for people off campus. It's for the students, faculty and staff of Stanford. I know this may be cocky, or whatever, but it's a freaking campus eatery. There shouldn't be a parking lot immediately outside. Grow up and go to Redwood Shores if you want a parking lot.For those who actually aren't complaining about this - the food here is great. They do serve full size sandwiches.  I ordered the Hot Momma Huba and it was delicious - perfect combo of spice and cheese and chicken and just yum. So good. I've heard it's a nightmare at lunch, but an early dinner at 4:30?  No biggie at all.The staff here is friendly, if slow, but you can't rush a delicious sandwich.  I do wish they had more signage, a larger selection of drinks and fruit, and a clearer menu, but in general? Delish.
kg1Nbs4bMmq3-CmxowVSew	I stopped in here tonight for a quick dinner -- first time in a couple of years -- and had the salmon with mushroom and asparagus risotto. It looked weird, which will happen when you spread gummy risotto on a plate -- but yum!!! And for $7, cannot be beat. after reading the reviews here, I'll look forward to coming back and trying other things.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	Thai cafe is open again!  Yayyy!http://www.stanforddaily.com/2010/08/05/thai-cafe-set-to-reopen-in-september/Can't wait to go get some bbq pork salad.  It now has a pickup window, rather than having the line be in a hallway.
CxQr1_z4bsEyfimZ7AyQTA	A fantastic addition to the Stanford campus.  Amazing drinks--I always get the mocha with spicy cocoa but the coffee is also very good.  The $5 lunch special is very good and always has interesting choices.  I only wish they had the great arepas here that they serve at their PA location--arepas would be a great thing to grab between classes.
9pYZ0F5s4YRLqgo8vW6KjQ	yes, i must concur, the alumni cafe is overpriced. THe only sandwich that I like is the pesto chicken sandwich. That is good but I am confused about their hours and when they can make hot sandwiches. It seems like most of the times that I go, the place is closed, or if it is open, the sandwich guys are gone. The pesto chicken sandwich and the salty chips are good, but the prices and weird hours weigh this place down. They dont even give discounts to fellow Stanford employees.
7kpCmy9wuBskM6-1oz1LEQ	On a late Wednesday afternoon, my friend and I decided to venture to Stanford for Ike's. Since we relied on technology, we got a bit lost trying to find a visitor parking area that was close to the location. We were both too stubborn and self-reliant to ask anyone else and believed that we would eventually find it.  About 10 minutes later, we parked in the parking garage that is directly west of the Huang Engineering Center, fed the meter (75 cents/30 min & located on the street level), and walked to Ike's. I already planned on getting the Matt Cain (on Dutch Crunch), not because I'm in love with him, but because it sounded quite delicious as well. We waited about 20 minutes for our food. They were busy, so as much as we were starving, we sucked it up and gossiped for as long as we could. When they called out my name I turned my head like a meerkat in the Kalahari Desert. We got our food, took some photos to make our friends jealous, and devoured the first half of our sandwiches. My friend and I shared a bag of jalapeno potato chips and an orange cream soda as well. They also give you a caramel apple lollipop, but we decided to just gave it back.TIP: The guy at the register mentioned that if you get the Matt Cain, from now until the end of the year, a bag of chips is free and a soda/water is $1. Thanks for informing us!I like how this place offers Halal meat. It is really hard finding sandwich delis that sell Halal meat, especially within the San Jose area. Ike's was quite appetizing, but I don't know if would make the 30-40 minute drive to eat here. I would rather go to Antipasto's in East San Jose or Top Deck in Santa Clara if it was still open.
6YwiVm8wAU4sf9IF8nH2iw	We recently had a fundraising party for our preschool and hired Stanfords bartender.  Carlos and team were so helpful and provided the best service one could ever ask for!  Prior to the event Carlos was very helpful with providing suggestions, ideas and grocery list for the party.  The bar area was very nicely decorated and left clean the whole time.   We had a Cinco De Mayo party theme and everybody was raving about Carlos' famous margarita.  He made it with fresh squeezed lime juice and agave nectar.  Super delicious!Carlos was very professional, friendly and just fun to talk to.  The perfect bartender.  He even went above and beyond his call of duty and offered to help us with other party tasks.  We will definitely hire him again for our future events!  Thank you for the great service Carlos!
P5bUL3Engv-2z6kKohB6qQ	This place just isn't the same without the presence of Logan Tom
GlzTbWIREAedA37YOVTd-A	Tasty lunch buffets
C54Hm4nC9ZphqXj5XDGtTQ	When I was at Stanford, everyone complained about how God awful Vaden was.  In the real world, there's no such thing as a free next day appointment.  I miss the good old days when it didn't take a brain surgeon to figure out how to get basic problems treated in a timely manner.
jiPzk6m4yf451hkhUYQI_A	The beautiful campus is worth walking around, even for folks who haven't heard of it or don't care.Here's my recommended tour for the time pressed:Approach the university from University Ave, driving down Palm Drive. Park in the Oval, check out the folks sunbathing/playing frisbee/picnicking/etc. in the Oval, and then walk through the main quad to Memorial Church. Check out the Rodin sculptures on your way, and then check out the church, including all the cool inscriptions in and around it. Then walk to White Plaza, the bookstore, and the student union. After milling around and buying some Stanford paraphernalia, head to Hoover Tower. Pay $2 to go up to the top floor and take in the beautiful view of the campus and the surrounding Bay Area. Then head back to the Oval, and stop by the Cantor Arts museum before you leave. It's got great rotating exhibits, plus a nice permanent exhibit on the history of the school. If you've still got time, go play a round of golf on the world class golf course (at a world-class golf course price :( ), or go for a hike up the dish.Five stars because it's my alma mater and the school color is the most beautiful shade of red on earth. Plus, the students, faculty, and staff are generally friendly, kind, inspirational, brilliant, fun, and all around wonderful.
KuvzKejeCzG34wPfZ8GOtw	positives: their salads, most fritatas, soups and pizzas are generally pretty good.  Breakfast sweets and cookies are good.  The line is long, but moves very quickly.negatives: Boca Burger is a culinary disaster.  It actually made me want to vomit.  Coffee is also not so good - it has a chemical sort of taste to it.  Also, the guys taking orders at the register flirt way too much....and they think they are really funny when they aren't.
C7dE67z9UTCqcwxgyBcTJA	The deliberate decision to have no showers or changing room is unbelievably fucking stupid.  The rocket scientist that came up with that brilliant plan needs to be waterboarded in second-hand elliptical sweat.There are 10 squat racks, which has to be a record for a CA gym.  Decent equipment overall.  Though they should have a trap bar and ez curl bar.  The DB's only go to 110lbs.Downside is that there's a gazillion people, including a fair amount of frat boys.  Given the square footage of mirrors this can be an amusing combination.  (You do realize that other people can see what you are doing, right?)    During the school year you really want to go off-hours.  Open til 1am(yea!) so that's not hard.The elliptical machines are good quality --- my heart rate goes way up but it doesn't feel like I'm working that hard.  Go team.$5 guest passes are fantastic.The first hand experiences you can have with the variable standards of international hygiene can be a bit "bracing."
n8dIqx620IcUSufIIKe2Rw	Best sandwich i've ever had. Definatly reccomend
wqKqQTbW-zjuNBLlqNuRuQ	This place is the place to be.  It's a little hard to tell how far you can hit your tee shots if you've never been there but it was in great shape, great condition but can be a little difficult to walk I can imagine.  It's hilly, and creates great scenery to golf to.  If you get an opportunity to play it don't pass it up.
4InFkxzE3nxy5hd5IfLSFw	I've always wanted to try Fraiche, but had never had the chance to until I was coincidentally on the Stanford campus today, and what a joy it was.  The flavors that were available today included: Natural, soy, and chocolate.  I sampled the soy and natural flavors and ordered  a junior sized soy yogurt with almonds and blueberries.  The soy seemed creamier than the natural and had a hint of soy flavor which was absolutely delicious.  I'm a fan.
65uUyG9yuF0rdMh0z7ajaA	Yeah it's on the preppy side, and yeah it's in a little bubble away from the world (what college isn't?), and yeah Palo Alto is a horrible college town, and sure it's horribly expensive.  But they've got a lot of great programs, a ton of astoundingly intelligent people, and opportunities the likes of which you won't find many other places.  The campus is beautiful, and it's damn hard not to have fun being there.Best 6 years of my life thus far, and I wouldn't trade it for anything.The band's pretty cool too. heh.
fw9VtoEZw91A9b8vZ93r1A	I'm a current Stanford student (male), and I came here per the advice of a friend (female) who got a really good-looking haircut from one of their barbers (Joe) and recommended it. Joe was busy with a different customer, but they helped me right away and the haircut only took about half an hour. I had my sides razored and the rest cut short and blended in, and the barber did a decent job with this. A very simple haircut and he did it fairly well. They didn't wash my hair, only used those little spray bottles to get it wet before cutting, and they didn't offer me any products.For $20, it's a decent and fast haircut, but I'd much rather spend the $28 at Hair International in the Stanford Shopping Center, where they go above and beyond what you expect from the haircut and will not just cut your hair but actually style it.After a week or so, with my hair growing out a bit, the cut immediately fell apart. Can anyone say straw hut look? Unfortunately the money you save per visit is made up by the fact that you need another haircut a week later, so I can't say I'll be back here. It worked fine in a pinch though, when I needed a haircut that day.
kf-MmyEukrlpw_Gjdr_TZQ	I love sandwiches.  Ike's does make a very good sandwich.  But any restaurant should have some sense of good customer service to be really successful.This is where Ike's @ Stanford really fails.  I work at the hospital on campus that is only a 10 minute walk away.  Trying to put in a group order has become more trouble than it's worth.  This location now refuses to take phone orders, even though they advertise that on their website.  When we attempted to do so, we were instructed they would only take an order through their app.  Okay, so Ike's apparantly does not want the hospital's business.  Funny given that we are only 10 minutes away and are open 24/7 with limited food outlets on campus..This comes to the second issue.  Ordering through the app requires prepayment of the order by credit card.  There is no option to pay at the counter.  We had one individual make the order on two different occasions and the same thing happened each time.  Two to three days after using the app, the credit card company called the person who used it and reported fraudulent charges on the card.  This happened with two different cards at two different times with the only thing in common being placing an order through the Ike's app.So, while Ike's does make a good sandwich, it's not worth the typical long and slow line or the hassle to order through the app putting your credit card at risk.  When I'm asked at the hospital for a good sandwich place, I point them in another direction.  Ike's just isn't worth it.
aZcS1abc-CuiKT24-hSUPw	BELIEVE the hype. Today we tried the Change, the Elvis Keith, and the Hollywood Cheese steak.  SWEET BABY JESUS! Worth the wait, so people stop complaining and just order ahead. =)
15-4okpvj30uLWZZOhp7xQ	Would give them 0 stars if I could -- Avoid them at all costs.  My experience with them was with my father and a Dr Sandhya Srinivas.  My father had terminal prostate cancer that had spread to the bone.  He came here for treatment from India where he'd been living for the past few years even though he is a US citizen.first appointment -- 3 1/2 hour wait, my father is in pain so the long wait on waiting room chairs however fancy is tough on him.  totally rude and clueless staff, no updates on physician availablility etc.  Then we finally get to see this insensitive woman, she barely looks us in the eye, spends about 5 mintues with her body language screaming I'd rather be anywhere but with you.    Acts terse and impatient  and itiching to get out of our annoying presence if we have any questions.  We give them the benefit of the doubt.  A couple months  later and after another unsatisfactory visit where she rushed thro reviewing numbers after two mo of treatment  -- my dad is unable to breathe, he did not have a regular physician here so he went back to her, she said you look fine, your lungs sound fine. if you still feel bad tomorrow go to a normal doctor, I am only an oncologist, I can't treat you for other problems.    he still felt terrible, so ended up going to my moms PCP the next day, who barely had to look at him and said rush him to the hospital he is in congestive heart failure.  my mom, aunt etc who were all with my dad the previous day siad he is no worse today than yesterday.?  draw your own conclusions about a physician who can't even listen to a lung.  With this hospitalization, no nurses, or this doctor from stanford, would return calls from the attending physician at el camino  about  questions they had about his cancer drugs and their side effect etc for three days.  They got back to the doctor late on Monday.  At this point we switched to UCSF, and Dr Lawrence Fong took care of my father for the remaining year of his life with kindness, caring, returned phone calls and totally kept us going thro the tough times.    An aunt had a similar experience at Stanford, where with total insesnitivity, some awful intern talks as if she is not present about her life expectancy etc with a head and neck cancer.  Same department, different physicians.
n2pcptllE-qv7J-9SXhzEw	Coupa Cafe on campus feels like a high end cafe and not just another campus eatery.  The staff is especially courteous.
hwEjr7ROd79LfBrc_e9cuA	Since the decline of Kepler's, Stanford's bookstore has become my favorite place to browse for books on the Penninsula.  It is a huge store, and because it's part of the university, it stocks books that you just can't find at a chain bookstore.
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	Love the new Arbuckle! What an improvement. After three visits, I'm definitely a fan.  I've never seen a cafeteria with such style, selection, or quality. The food is super yummy and there's something for everyone.  I've tried a few of the pasta dishes, the pizza, and one of the daily mixed salad specials.  The setting is beautiful with ample seating and light. Yes, it's a little pricey, but what else doyou expect at the Stanford GSB? My only complaint is that the new Arbuckle doesn't have a fraction of the outlets of the old cafe (maybe they didn't intend this as a working space?) and most of the doors only open from the inside. Make sure you check out the newly installed art piece to the left of the cafe - it's brightly colored and it moves, so it's hard to miss. And gorgeous!
8fgiuFMuN5yfoALzts-K7w	Some believe that Yelp is purely a dumpster for people to rail on establishments after making snap judgments about the place based on a superficial, limited experience.  This review will only bolster their case.The 750 sucks beyond belief.  Despite the fact that it's a mere minute walk from Stanford's graduate housing, I don't think I'll bring myself to go there again anytime soon.  The service is spectacularly slow -- getting a cheese steak and mozzarella sticks at a night where there were maybe five other people at the bar (during the total elapsed time we were there) took just about 2 hours.  '2 hours,' you say, 'for food that takes an iota of effort and time to cook?  You can't be serious!'  Ah, did I fail to mention that our order of mozzarella sticks was EATEN BY THE STAFF?  Yes, somehow the 2 bartenders there managed to forget that the one order that came out of the kitchen in the past half hour was actually ordered by someone in the restaurant!  How novel!  Thus they proceeded to chow down on our greasy, undercooked fried cheese without a second thought.It was only after my friend approached the workers, after about an hour of waiting for our so-called 'food', that this was discovered, however.  But even then the bartender demanded to see proof of purchase (which he had, obviously) and we were told by the other worker to 'not worry about it.'  I suppose that is an attitude one might take only if he had a stomach full of food... our food, that is.  Anyways, we needed to wait another ungodly amount of time for our food to be re-made and this time it actually found its way to our table.  Hoo-ray.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	The brand spanking new Arbuckle Cafe at the new Graduate School of Business, Knight Management Center JUST opened.  I work at the GSB and have for the past 6+ years, so having a modern, beautiful, organic, sustainable, large facility take the place of the OLD Arbuckle on Memorial Way was keenly anticipated!This place is amazing for a lot of reasons.  The sheer architectural beauty of the joint is stunning.  It is a round building, with 30 foot ceilings, completely encase in glass and with retractable door/walls to make it a veritable indoor/outdoor establishment.It is surrounded by a gorgeous, trellised pergola, redwood, I believe with wisteria planted at the bases.  In a few years it will be a refuge from the hot summer sun,The cafe itself is open until 11pm Monday through Thursday and until 5 pm on Fridays.  They serve weekend brunch now (wacky) and I will be trying it this weekend or next.Great picnic tables, outdoor wrought iron tables, adirondack chairs and tables.Salads, wood fired pizza, made ot order grill.Very expensive, too expensive but the location and setting is great.Alcohol permit applied for folks.I'll update soon with more info.
cnpakm3BrkWgbKS3l_pcng	Great place, right on campus.  For $18 you can't beat it.  Convenient, friendly, they did what I asked and did it efficiently.
iO2Bw-YDcEv595Zp5Cn-ZQ	Yummy! If you don't want to wait, get to Ike's by 11ish on a Saturday. I had a Bill Walsh with everything on it - really, really good. Is it good enough to drive half and hour and wait for another 30-60 minutes for them? Probably not, but if you're nearby and can phone or use their app to order I think it'd be worth it. I was surprised that my sandwich wasn't humongous - a half was just fine for me, but if I was really hungry, a whole wouldn't have been a problem. Perhaps it was just the particular one I ordered?  If you like their cold sandwiches, check out the Ike's cold vending machine around the corner near the restrooms. Definitely a great sandwich if you're nearby and not in a hurry.
NMdEsfVojpoeFIZYM0Kk-Q	I started going to Moonbeans a few years ago as a student, and was delighted when I came back to Stanford as a staff member to find that it was still here! I get a drip coffee here every morning. Bring your own cup (any size) and it's $1.25, cheaper than Denny's. I can't understand the reviews stating that people would rather go to Starbucks for the same burned Pike's roast every day!Moonbeans cycles through a few different blends here each day, and usually have a light and a medium/dark available so you can usually find something tailored to your palate. My favorite: their light/dark "Songbird Blend." The staff is also friendly, and the food is pretty good. I particularly enjoy their chocolate croissants. I can't speak to the espresso drinks because I'm a black-coffee type of person but that is fantastic- and I do hear a lot of people ordering Chai Lattes every day so those must have something going for them!
cuF7zQubiOmVsNZQheNRug	I love the spiffy tiffy. It's simply the greatest. Overall, the environment is great. Yes, the line is usually very long (my record wait time is 1 hour during lunch hours in the beginning of last school year), but there's always a place to sit if you want to eat there. The sandwiches do cost a bit. As a college student, I just can't afford to eat there frequently.
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Expensive but nice.  The faucet for the foot tub was broken so she had to boil water in the back.  The massage chair was a plus (had different height settings). The technician I had listened to what I needed and delivered (she didn't put on shiny polish and didn't cut my nails too short) :].  At the end, I wasn't too excited about the pedicure, but that was my fault for asking her not too make my nails too short.  Pedicure did not last too long as a result (about 2 weeks).
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Sunken Diamond....I do my pull-upsOutside Sunken DiamondOn the regular!Where I park and workIt's hard to miss Stanford's ownBaseball stadium!I walk past the fieldEvery day, twice a dayStill an outsider! Never been insideHave admired from afarThrough Nelson Mall shrubs!Seen and heard the crowdsCommentators and playersAction on the field!Fireworks aboveOn some special occasionsMy drive-by delight!It's not free for meNo ticket means no entryI keep my distance!
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	I'd eat here every day if I could afford it. I LOVE the chunky strawberry (although the name kind of grosses me out... ) The wait can be a bit long during peak hours, but that's just a testament to how tasty the smoothies are.
a5QS6g30nM4q2XFGP6Po9g	I never came to Olive's much in undergrad but now that all my classes are in Wallenberg or McClatchy, this is the most convenient eatery to grab a quick snack or lunch. I usually love falafels but man this place was very underwhelming. I like that the meal comes with lettuce and diced tomatoes and two types of hummus. I don't like that the falafels are not crispy on the outside. They taste kind of stale in fact. Actually, the falafels I had weren't even warm. Maybe I went on an off day but after having great Mediterranean food elsewhere I have trouble justifying spending hard earned money here (not to mention having more calories when it's not that enjoyable!!). Two stars for very convenient location, long pre-dinner hours unlike Thai Cafe, and delicious greek yogurt with different fruit toppings.
QlFMn3xECbC-vxe_rGSlsg	At first I was going to give my college Jamba Juice location only 4 stars (because I can't recall a single location that stands out from all the others), but then I remembered that this one seems to sometimes have flavors that not all locations get to try, like the blueberry juice-containing Bluetopia, which was AMAZING and really should be resurrected, at least to expand the Jamba Juice color spectrum. Another reason this location is so special is because it was the birthplace of my unofficial chocolate-covered fruit line of Jamba Juices. The workers here would look up from their blenders and smile at me in recognition each time they received an order for a Chocolate Moo'd with strawberries, raspberries, or orange sherbet (my personal favorite). It was understandable, then, that the frequency of my visits to ANY Jamba Juice location dipped when they abolished the Chocolate & Peanut Butter Moo'ds in an attempt to appear more health-oriented. Thankfully, due to customer demand (not just me being REALLY loud), Jamba Juice recently brought them back. This is a good thing because, in addition to my chocolate-covered fruit concoctions, the Peanut Butter Moo'd is what I like to get when I want an Original size Jamba Juice to make me feel truly full... of chocolaty peanut butter goodness. Of course, I enjoy some fruity Jamba Juices too: Orange Dream Machine (without the included protein boost - to avoid a chalky texture), Mighty Cherry Charger (also includes a protein boost, but I can handle it in this one), Acai Supercharger, Matcha Green Tea Blast, Strawberries Wild, & Peach Pleasure. And don't be afraid to try the seasonal flavors, like the pumpkin pie and eggnog Jamba Juices. They can be quite tasty.
JNf1CzahHfK3UykvcNWT-g	
o60yRcNLuy-oIjHfNlAEdA	This is the main range I go to.  50 balls is $6 for non Stanford-related people ($5 for Stanford faculty/students).  The mats are a couple years old and in pretty good shape.  The balls are pretty nice and not scuffed/old.  There are a lot of spots, except a few in the middle are kinda useless because the mats rest on uneven ground.  When there is a class going on, the last 8-10 mats are used by students taking a lesson.  There are plenty of targets to hit at.  There is a tiny, lame putting green that no one every uses and no pitching area.  If you want to use those, you have to drive up the hill towards the golf course... which I don't do since my short game doesn't need work.  Hah.  Anyway, this is a fun place to hit some golf balls after work.
dHLL7SVGJw5uM6IEp_wb4Q	Sunrise Strawberry. Off the menu. Basically strawberry, banana and yogurt all blended into one. If you've never tried it before, you should, it's damn good. It's reminiscent of the strawberry-banana smoothies from Surf City Squeeze but cheaper. See photos of food, http://potbellypanda.tumblr.com
ygh1FAM5zmfWFeKsV6wJRg	Yes, it's in the basement of the Psych building.  Yes, it's run by the "Thai Nazi"--(not in regards to her demeanor, but more so because she runs this place like the Soup Nazi a la Seinfeld). But damnit, I miss my little dinky Thai Cafe.Don't be scared off by the huge line that you'll find outside during lunch.  Like I said above, it's run pretty Soup Nazi-esque, so the line goes SUPER quick.  Just be prepared when you order!From what I remember, it was open 11am-2pm.  They're cash only, so be prepared.  For a relatively filling meal, the price is reasonable at $6--or $6 as I hear from friends who go there now...it was still $5 back in my day (ha, I feel old) when I went there a few years ago.The shrimp soup, chicken soup, and curry special are my favorites.  The salads aren't bad, but I usually don't get them because most of the time, I prefer food that's temperature hot.  I'm not sure if it's authentic Thai, but whatever it is, it's tasty!  It's great on the go when you're a busy student running from place to place.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	I happen to work almost literally a stone's throw away from Russo Cafe, located near the new law school Munger residences. This is now my go-to place for pizza on campus, not only given its great location for me, but also fresh ingredients in more imaginative and successful juxtapositions. I love the veggie pizzas with artichokes, others with caramelized onions, and yet others with sauces and cheeses I wouldn't have come up with myself, as far as pairings. I have yet to try the other offerings of Russo, the other hot entrées/specials, as well as the beautiful desserts. Glad it's so close by for me!
p-PUhsp05anDunttBVE7mg	I am SHOCKED this isn't on Yelp, but...from a former Stanford University tour guide, here goes:Hoover Tower is the huge (14 storey) high tower you can see from afar, looming above Stanford's quad.  A little-known fact is that the Tower is open to the public most weekdays and most weekends from 10am~5pm (closed during Stanford Finals/breaks) that has an AMAZING view of the Peninsula.  If you pay about $5 admission, you get to visit the Hoover Library (not his Presidential Library, but a little museum dedicated to the Prez who precipitated the Great Depression)  and the stupendous tower platform, which has near 360-degree view.  For an added bonus, you get to ride in a spiffy old-school closet-sized elevator and hear a spiel jam-packed with trivia about the tower--height, age, that it's really a library holding rare papers, how long a penny falling off the top would take, etc.  Trust me, you don't want to (nor are you allowed to) walk up the stairs.  It's a long fourteen storeys.  And yes, there is a thirteenth floor.This is a fantastic place to bring your parents or friends who have never been to the Bay Area, or want to get a better orientation of the South Bay and Santa Cruz Mountains.  On a clear day, you can see across the Bay to Oakland.  This is also a super-duper sightseeing stop for the geriatric set--Grams and Gramps will love the minimal-walking necessary.  Wheelchair access is a MAJOR pain though, so don't try it unless you want a secret underground tour of creepy Stanford tunnels.It is _always_ very windy on top, so bring a jacket at all times except summer.  During summer it's a great cool-off spot.Fun facts:  Stanford alums get in free.  The tower is 285 feet high.  The Tower also houses scholars from the Hoover Institution, a conservative think-tank where many Stanford economics and political science professors have appointments.  There are slick rotating exhibits just next door in the dinky Hoover Pavilion--they usually have something to do with California history.  The tower has been the site of many a Cal/Stanford Big Game gag--no posters or similar are allowed off the sides from the platform.  The platform has a carillon of bells originally donated from Belgium--they are the bells played at Stanford Commencement and other special occasions.  The tour guides that take you around are Stanford students who work shifts between classes--they are great for trivia and lore and inside admissions tips--ask.  Speaking of tips, they work for a campus wage pittance, so feel free to tip them if you think they did a great job pointing out the sights or giving you the spiel in the elevator.NOTE:  The best parking is at the end of Galvez Street in the pay-per-hour lot behind Memorial Auditorium.  There are also limited quarter-fed meters along Serra Mall (take a left at Galvez) in front of Encina Hall and Burnham Pavilion.
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	This place is just such an experience. Of course, everyone loves the Thai Cafe Nazi lady.  Or trying to figure out how much money this much-beloved-across-campus establishment brings in a year.  And there's something very satisfying about paying exactly $5 for your lunch.  Especially in the bottom your academic building.  But especially when it's del. icio. us.  The best part, though, is just eavesdropping on all the really peculiar discussions grad students from various departments have.The food does get old, as there are only so many options (i recommend the [barbecued] pork salad) and even fewer "daily specials" that rotate based on the day of the week.  If you ever have a quarter where on certain days of the week you have to eat out, you WILL get sick of Thai Cafe by the end of it.  But then you'll have another quarter where you don't go once, and by the next one you're craving it again.Update: My friend tells me they've raised their prices to $6 since I last went.  The raise to $5 was fine with me, but $5 is a magical value, and , well, Thai Cafe just lost their magic.Update: Confirmed. Now only 66 cents away from being the Thai Cafe of the Beast.
dCR28BHkwtCqf-Zt5I6zbQ	I've always had a good experience here, till today. They randomly changed my appointment to a later one, without letting me know. What's worse is they checked me in and made me wait in the examination room for 40 mins  before the doctor even saw me. If the appointment had changed, couldn't they have told me when I checked-in?Ridiculous administration. But no other choices if you are a student at Stanford, so I guess I'll have to stick with it.
KyGkyqSPuJW-Sq7OXPVu2w	After spending some time at Stanford mall. My buddy and I decided to try Ikes place Stanford. This place is very hard to find if you aren't familar with Stanford. My friend and I walked around about for 15-30 minutes till we asked one of the workers where Ikes was. Once we found it we were happy. This location is better then other ikes, because you can sit down and there are couches. I got the Menage a trois which was reallly good. Ikes can be expensive but I think it's worth it.
0qs6DAP97Q2xf47ADd4prA	I'm glad this truck wasn't around when I was a grad student, or I would have been a lot fatter and a lot poorer.Decent selection of different varieties of Asian cuisine (mostly chicken and tofu dishes, almost all with veggies).  Fill a standard 3-compartment styrofoam takeout container with food, weigh, pay, and go find somewhere to eat (like the picnic tables outside old union, or, if you have better self-control than I do, maybe you'll make it to the quad or the oval).  For what it is, it's surprisingly good quality, and despite the "poorer" crack, it's good value, at least for those of us in the "real world" now.  ;-)
WwPTyW4jJSwwE7v2F8mdIA	This is the best place to eat on Stanford's campus. Someone had the incredible idea of combining an asian buffet and a food truck, and the result is Net Appetit. You walk inside, grab one of those beige recyclable boxes found everywhere on campus, and you go to town. You can get brown rice, white rice, fried rice, or noodles. After that, grab some meat. I would highly recommend the chicken tandoori murghi, the chicken red thai curry, and the beef bulgogi. Further down, there are some more curries as well as some paneer, potstickers, and eggrolls. After finally deciding what you want to eat, you take it outside to get it measured. I think it's about $5 per pound. Soda (Coke,  Diet Coke and Spite) is 50 cents a can. The only downside to Net Appetit is that the number of offerings decrease as lunchtime wanes. I would suggest going between 11:30 and 12:30. Overall, a great quick place to eat on campus that won't break the bank.
32MIC0q4ipf-_uq7vF_ZXA	2.5 stars.  Ike's is the flavor of the quarter on campus right now, but it won't stay that way unless certain things change.WAIT: This was my second time to eat here.  I waited in line for 15 minutes to order and then waited more than another 40 minutes to get my food.  It was only about 10 minutes faster the first time, so this is not an anomaly.ATTITUDE: I overheard the conversation of a guy who went up to the counter and asked for a refund b/c he had waited more than 40 minutes for his sandwich and it wasn't out yet.  Reasonable request.  The employee said, "Try Subway. They're right down the street and they're faster."PRICE: $14 for a menage a trois, a bag of chips, and a can of Pepsi.  This is pricey.FOOD: I ordered a menage a trois (BBQ chicken), which was pretty good but certainly not exceptional.  Unfortunately, they were already out of dutch crunch at 12:15 PM, so I had to settle for french roll.  Bottom line: Go there for something new to get out of your boring campus eatery routine, but don't plan anything else the rest of the day unless you eat at an off-peak hour.  Make it a social event.  Also, order something with bacon.  After waiting for so long, you will deserve it.
te29qogBs1QB50Cu4itdoA	this is going to be really short. This place is not the place to go if your specifically looking for Ike's. This place makes Ike's look really bad. The flavoring and quality just doesn't compare to the other Ike's. Service is REALLY slow here, the bread is already soggy when it comes out. If you really want Ike's then I'd suggest going to the redwood shores one or the actual ike's in san francisco. There IS a new one in redwood city as well, never been there so I don't know if its good. One thing that's cool about this Ike's is. You can place an order on your iphone and i think even pay. Not really sure how it works, but it's possible.
_Qhzoro1aBBAfaVk_nkqVw	Four-bit coffee!!!  (that's $0.50 USD for you folks slow on the draw)Okay, so I come here a lot because the brewed coffee is cheap & good.  5 stars for that.  They have a pretty good selection of pasteries, sweets, and sammies in the deli case, and it's all pretty decent grub.  Good as you'll get elsewhere on campus, maybe better, for less dough.  Service is quick, if not inspired.  Don't expect a real "cafe" experience.  It's upstairs in the bookstore at Stanford not the Boulevard Saint-Germain.Still the best place for coffee on campus...in case you didn't pick up on that.
ge_yqJd241NMPuyOS_J_LA	Happen to find such a yogurt place in a sunny afternoon when we walked around Stanford. It has several ice-cream flavor, but as usual I only eat the plain one. This one is not very tart, and is a little bit toooo plain--I mean, not much flavor. But interestingly, they have the fig topping, which I think it's rare. But it's not that tastful, a little bit dry. I think I still prefer the self-service fro-yo. It's so much fun!
ZBBlQj92l65SyjC6YzEH_g	Good for a change of pace from my usual fare of packed lunches.  There are a bunch of different cuisines represented.  It's better than most cafeteria foods, but not much.  Their pizza is surprisingly good.  It's easy to spend way too much money for what you're getting.  The nice open space also makes you feel you're someplace modern and pleasant even if the food is unremarkable.
uMJsK3x-981hUP2dZAVDag	as a long distance runner who is always looking to improve my race times, i like doing my track work & interval training here.pros:*well maintained, smooth track surface*great location on stanford campus*lots of free parking (after 4pm on weekdays & all day weekends no permit required)*separate men's & women's bathrooms, very clean!*water fountainscons:*can get quite crowded, esp when the weather is nice*at times, some lanes are closed off for stanford track team members, so public can only use some of the lanes*there are walkers on this track, which can be a nuisance esp for those whose goal is to sprint
F22p36r1jPNZMbb2NuNhQg	Paninis are incredibly greasy and salads have so much oily dressing! I wanted to order a salad with the dressing on the side and they told me it can't be done: whaaaat? I hope they read the reviews and do something about this greasy frenzy. And their food is very expensive too!  I won't be coming back. The baked goods are OK though, hence the 2 stars.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	The USPS on the Stanford campus is not exactly one of my favorite things, so you won't hear me singing its praises Julie Andrews style, but it's been there when I needed it most. And what would Christmas be w/out the long lines and all those bright paper packages tied up with string? This USPS is centrally located next to the campus bookstore, the Tressider student union, a branch of the Stanford Federal Credit Union, AND the famous Claw Fountain (decked in holiday joy, now that the recent "bearial" is over and forgotten - a gruesome ritual that sees an innocent Oski get impaled on its sharp and spiky metal tip before the Cal/Stanford football game each fall. Stuffed animal abuse is SO senseless and cruel). It's easy to come here on a lunch break or if you happen to be touring the campus for fun, as apparently lots of out-of-towners tend to do.I have always received good and timely service here, even if students tend to clog the lines when classes are in session. There are usually two to three counters open, so if one patron seems to be spending an inordinate amount of time getting things squared away, at least the overfill crowds who just need stamps or have letters and packages to mail can funnel through w/out more than 5 minutes or so of waiting.No one comes to the post office for fun. Or to have a memorable experience. Let's face it: it's never gonna be easy for these folks to earn your top Yelp rating, and chances are that - sooner rather than later - you will have a distinctively poor time here or somewhere else, esp. during tax or holiday season. But remember this, as you are reaching for that 1 or 2-star rating: American citizens and permanent residents fund this unsung public service, w/out which it would cost one HELL of lot more than 40-something cents to mail a letter 3000+ miles from Nor Cal to upstate NY. And corporate conveyors of parcels like FedEx, DHL, or UPS definitely charge more than $11.30 to mail a book to Adelaide, South Australia. These are real-world, recent examples, not random ones! Don't let the USPS become any more privatized than it already is. Suck it up and wait patiently for the lines to thin out and don't act like a diva when you get to the front of the queue. B/c the only thing that would really cause me to have a bad time at the post office would be idiotic, immature customers, not stressed-out, overworked staffers. Help make the USPS all that it can be by smiling and saying thank you - or by registering your criticisms in a civil manner. The USPS has been a public good since the days of Ben Franklin. Keep it that way!
vlrAxP8VNwsQO6kB4DM48w	Panda Express is Panda Express: better than other steam-table Chinese chains, not good for much of anything else.  You can get it all over the place; why did it have to come to the Stanford student center food court and push out the previous Chinese place, which at least was different and not Panda Express all the bloody time, and had really good salt-and-pepper chicken wings?I've only eaten here a couple of times, but I have to report that one lunchtime recently was the only time I've ever had really bad service at a Panda Express.  The server taking my order was just utterly clueless and had no idea what I wanted, either when I said it or pointed to it, and mostly stood there looking dim.  I gave up and walked out, had a teriyaki bowl at the Treehouse instead.  Much better, and not the exact same thing I can get in a million other places.
63IsblsehOcN2OvhVIP9Vg	Quick service, strong and inexpensive coffee, and a decent selection of snacks to select from when you're on the go.  I like their smoothies as well.Although the actual cafe is in the basement of the building, high ceilings and skylights let light in, so it's not a bad place to hang out with your laptop and take advantage of the wireless while getting your caffeine fix.
RHwUn_foju9-kCzTWSg96Q	Simply loved the "Your Favorite Sesame Street Character" sandwich I first went there. So I decided to get the same for lunch today. I vaguely remembered that sandwich from previous time, so was expecting avacado, tomato, lettuce, and cheese (a nice thick slice). When I got my order, I see there is no cheese. I thought for few minutes if this is the same sandwich I had first time, I wasn't 100% sure. So when I came back to look on Ike's website at home, I see the picture. Picture had thick slice of cheese with other goodies ! I am so disappointed right now, because my expectations were clearly not met. I think cheese made the sandwich awesome the first time. How can you forget the most important ingredient?Anyways, next time I am going to place my order after looking at the picture online.. they don't serve what they tell.
T6jCRh9Qi6bzAp-TG2Duvw	I've been to a bunch of frozen yogurt places across several states, and the quality here is alright.The new trend that's been sweeping the country is the self serve frozen yogurt, and prices being based on a per ounce system. At Fraiche, it's more like the traditional ice cream parlors, charging per cup size and per topping.Overall, it's more expensive than the general group of frozen yogurt places today. However, the quality is good and it's near my dorm... which is pretty much the only reason why I go. Though I'll have to admit, a smoothie at Jamba is much cheaper...
GEu83t4SjJ5S7SdoGkZIDg	Their sandwiches and bread are tasty, but I'm not willing to stand in line for an hour just to get one. As a busy college student, I don't have that kind of time. However, it isn't busy during non-peak hours, like after 3 or 4. Even though the sandwiches are good, I do prefer Mr. Pickles Sandwich Shop. For me, the battle of the San Francisco Sandwich goes to Mr. Pickles, and Ike's cannot compare. However, to satisfy a sandwich craving that's a lot better than Subway, Ike's is a great lunch spot. The people there are so nice, though, and I love the atmosphere! My 3. 5 stars get rounded to a 4!
a6KPYAcrMQ4EWSai8tLcsQ	Loses a star for no grass range.Good range that's open late.  9pm during DST and 8pm otherwise.Sometimes hard to find a spot in the afternoon when golf classes take the last 1/4 of mats.Must use a rubber tee.  Don't use the new adjustable height tees.  They snap easily.
sOzeK0dE0BYx4Mc8dmoenQ	I came here last year during summer. It was somewhat difficult to find but worth it. Cacti are somewhat ugly looking plants but very interesting. Their prickly nature lends them that unique shape. It's an awesome place to just wander around. It took me back to my travels to NM ABQ. There are giant ones that dwarfed moi. Not that a simple tomato plant won't be able to do :) But this one even more.Some cacti are more pleasing to the eye than the rest. But it is truly a unique place to go and visit. It's free and peaceful. When I was here I saw a person and that was it. It was isolated enough that it offers you serenity that is a good match while you walk around undisturbed.Although it's not fenced in I can see taking kids here for a show and tell.It's pretty cool really.
GEu83t4SjJ5S7SdoGkZIDg	Wilbur is a lot better than Stern, but that's about it. Salad bar is pretty well stocked. Pretty standard dining hall food.
o5dGr3SFJrPm5ulOgX4Nng	I have switched from coffee to tea at this place cause the coffee is just so strong for me.My friends say I drink coffee with my milk.  I just cant drink it too strong.That being said, I think this place is great. The crepes are very tasty. The specialty espresso drinks are great.Thanks for being there so I can take a relaxed break with some very tasty nourishment.
ORTh8a8yBI4ydfeSUTgC0g	Finally good coffee is available on the Stanford campus!! Fraiche serves Blue Bottle coffee ($3) and delicious frozen yogurt (starting at $3) with lots of options for toppings. There aren't too many gluten-free snack options on campus, so this quickly became one of my favorite spots.In addition to the natural and chocolate flavors, they usually have seasonal yogurts like mango and pomegranate -- all are delicious but the mango is particularly good.Since it's located in the student union, there is often a long line here around lunch and they occasionally run out of something. But they stay open well into the evening and staff are always really nice. Definitely give Fraiche a try next time you're on campus.
Nn2YMGzi1daz4INlmAeNzQ	I hired Stanford bartender based on the glowing yelp reviews, but was very disappointed.  I hired Carlos to host a Sweet 16 party.  I hired his company over another because of his glowing reviews of how he was very friendly and that his process of making drinks was a fun experience to watch which I thought would be fun for the kids.  After our initial conversation, I realized he would not actually be the person coming to the event so I asked him whether the staff he was sending was going to be friendly and make the experience fun for the kids.  He assured me that they were just as good as him.  Unfortunately, that did not turn out to be the case.  His staff was late and was not ready at the start time.  His staff was not friendly and they did not made the experience fun for the kids.  The kids even felt that their attitude was one in which they felt the bartender did not want to be there.  I told Carlos what happened and he was very apologetic, but it was too late.  If you use Stanford Bartender maybe you need to make sure you get Carlos directly because otherwise you might not the type of experience all the reviews are raving about.
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	Go Cardinal!!!!!!!Stanford is the best university in the country. If you are a prospective student you will love it. If you are a visitor from out of town, be sure to stop by and enjoy the beautiful campus.
aVaa64zb_-d6VTY3XcXyIQ	KINDA COOL CAFE(3.25 stars)Headless statues with missing limbs and dangling penises while enjoying a cup of soup.* FOOD, ok* PRICE, kinda out there* SERVICE, good* AMBIANCE, campus cafeDecided to venture around and enjoy lunch in a not so expected place to have lunch on a Saturday afternoon in the summer. The Cool Cafe is located near the FIne Arts building - expect to see some art. I thought it would be "cool" to have lunch with art at a "cool" cafe. Well, today's art was interesting. Not sure if I like eating my soup and looking at these sculptures. LOLHEFFER-STYLE STATUS.CORN AND RED BELL PEPPER SOUP ($6.50) - comes with two pieces of bread. Okay, it sure hells doesn't sound so good. However, it actually was pretty good. I was thinking a cream soup with corn and bell pepper when ordering but when it was served.... it wasn't even like that. It was all pureed. The texture was smooth and the color was light orange (yellow + red = orange). And it tasted very good and healthy. I'm just not sure if it was worth $6.50. Alot of the items on the menu were kind of pricy for a cafe on campus, don't they know STUDENTS ARE BROKE?! I've discovered other places to eat on campus that were half the price of the items at this cafe. Will I be back? Maybe.Until the next review....
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Ok spot for lunch on campus.   Conveniently located in Tresidder Student Union, and there are lots of things to choose from including grab-n-go options, pizza (around $4 a slice and looks really bad), made to order salads, Panda Express, and a place that rotates between sushi, Mexican and grilled paninis.   There's also a Subway and Fraiche/Peet's right nearby.  The sushi is surprisingly decent, although ridiculously over-priced.   In general, this is one of my least favorite dining options on campus because the food is below average for the Stanford campus (but still ok overall, I think Stanford has really good food for a college campus) and the lines are ridiculously long around lunchtime.    Probably the only time this is a good bet is if you have a group and everyone wants something different.
UzFpw5-JFekJ9nF8hI9ZSw	I love the fresh, plain black iced tea and on cold mornings the spicy mochas.  I really like the chocolate mousse and tres leches desserts but the lids do not fit on the to go cups. Good soup and lunch specials. Super friendly service and a lot more efficient than Coupa @ Green Library.
Ydwy87JBC14iLReF4AqhJQ	his company is doing business under a false name !!! THEY ARE NOT THE ORIGINAL STANFORD YELLOW CAB......they should go to jail for false advertising and slamming the name of a VERY good company. if you want outstanding service, trust me, call 800-725-1777, everything on THERE website is true...stanfordtaxicab.com
KaHAhbFSiABgDl4Tto9moA	Take the 'massive shroom' (portobello sandwich) or the 'sweet baby' salad, sit outside, and enjoy.
G8a8w086oXIfAxFrSF97Ew	You + Me + THAT sandwhich is a "meange a trois" I would have anytime!!! :) If you aren't in love with your sandwhich after you have one then there is something wrong with you. The world looks better through a sandwhich at Ike's and if you don't believe me check it out for yourself and you'll see that everyone's about it, and a half hour wait for some grub never lies.
We9qK9M-oI6LUULbQo_InQ	My alma mater's no doubt changed in the years since I graduated. And since I went to undergrad in just one place, I don't know how Stanford compares with other colleges. But here's my two cents anyway... CONS- It looks like Taco Bell.- It's pricey (then again most colleges are these days)-  If you prefer an urban vibe close to the action, Stanford isn't for you. It's fairly isolated out in suburbia. - The perfect weather can get dull. Students reading Nietzsche while sunbathing in the grass, frisbees whizzing by --- it's just... wrong somehow.- When I was there, the student body was a bit heavy on ambitious pre-professional careerists, a bit light on serious intellectuals who loved learning for its own sake.  Not that the latter were rare --  they just didn't dominate as they might have at a liberal arts school like Reed (where my smarty-pants sister went). PROS- Stanford's very residential, esp. for undergrads.  Dorm life's not for everyone, but having all your classmates on campus makes it easy to arrange study groups and to socialize in general.  I also had unusually awesome roommates whom I love to this day. - My Stanford classmates and dormmates are still among the coolest friends I have (including my handsome and brilliant husband!)  It's a cliche but people really do meet lifelong friends and potential spouses in college. So you might as well surround yourself with brainy and interesting people. Stanford has lots of those. - The student body is wonderfully diverse! No really!  I esp. appreciated the religious diversity after 12 years of SF Catholic schools.  Also, compare Stanford's 10% black undergrad population with Cal's miniscule 3.6%   http://www.stanford.edu/home/stanford/facts/undergraduate.html https://osr2.berkeley.edu/Public/STUDENT.DATA/PUBLICATIONS/UG/ugf06.html#table%202  TIPS - Pick classes for the professors, not for the reading list. You have your whole life to read books.  But you have just a few years' access to the geniuses on Stanford's faculty. - Study in groups.  This can be hard when you're competing on a curve. But your fellow classmates can be excellent teachers. Plus you learn more and turn in better work after you've explained concepts aloud and answered your peers' questions.- Pick classes where you turn in lots of little papers, quizzes, and problem sets, rather than classes where your whole grade depends on one or two high-stakes papers or final exams.  I found it dilutes the stress a bit, and if you mess up one assignment or test, you have time to recover and get a good grade in the end.- Don't avoid the international teachers just because of their accents. Different students have different tolerance levels for accents, but I found accents surprisingly easy to adjust to, and some of my international profs were great once I got used to them.- Take advantage of the undergraduate research opportunities http://www.stanford.edu/dept/undergrad/urp/  It's a great way to get obsessed with one topic in depth and to know at least one professor very well (later they can write you a rec letter). Stanford awards undergrad research grants (I used mine to buy books, but others used them for fieldwork, airfares, etc.). There was also a summer research camp where we could get a head start on our honors theses.  Researching and writing that thesis prepared me for grad school like nothing else. - Read this book http://www.amazon.com/Making-Most-College-Students-Speak/dp/067401359X/  -- The author, a statistician by training, interviewed 1600 undergrads over ten years and used the data to learn what makes students successful and happy.  It's a quick read and full of practical tips.  It came out too late for me, but I so wish I had it when I was in college!
gzpfljP4vcIf3UbLK9hEHg	You can imagine my shock and dismay upon hearing the news that Moonbeans has fallen victim to Coupa's ever-expanding empire, and will be closing on June 30. So poorly did I take the news, that I took it upon myself--in a show of solidarity and selfish white mocha consumption--to go every day from now until that fateful date. Unfortunately, that placed me at Moonbeans last Sunday, and although I have my own personal Yelp code of ethics that bans calling out individuals, I feel it is my civic duty to warn you about...Z-team.Y'all know the term A-team, right? That's what the morning crew is--friendly, efficient, damn good at what they do. Weekend crew: you are an embarrassment to the morning staff. In fact, I'm starting to suspect that perhaps they enlisted Z-team to present Moonbeans' contract renewal proposal; that would explain a lot.In brief, here's what went down. I ordered a coffee; it was undrinkable. I don't really like asking to have something remade, but I also don't like throwing away $3. Here's a tip, Z-team; don't insult your customers to their faces. Oh, and tip #2? Learn how to make a simple cafe au lait.5 stars for morning crew, 0 stars for weekend crew.
QwXpGYoZ4eUE4Bp_sQWj2Q	While the Spiffy Tiffy on dutch crunch was one of the THE most delicious sandwiches I have ever had in my life, the inconvenience of getting here and the high prices kind of hinder me giving this orgasmic sandwich experience a full 5 stars.First of all, this place is IMPOSSIBLE to find.  It's located on Stanford campus, and unless you're a student and walking around the campus already, the hassle of finding parking, paying for parking, and walking all the way into campus really deters me from wanting to come back.Also, $10 for a sandwich seems a little steep even for the level of deliciousness.Overall, fantastic in terms of taste, very poor in terms of location and accessibility, and fair in terms of price.  But definitely worth going to their other locations given that they are easier to access (and that will be my plan to satisfy future Ike's cravings).
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	Removing one star for the service. Though I like just about everything on Coupa's menu, the management of traffic flow and the service at this location is abhorrent. Prices here are standardly high.Unlike their other locations, there are no numbers on table stands given out at this Coupa when you place an order. Instead, you have to linger around the counter and wait for your order to maybe turn up after 10-20 minutes, when someone with a heavy Spanish accent will call out the order number once, and sucks for you if you miss it.The whole set up at this location just doesn't really make sense to me. You can't see the menu until you're two people from the front of the line, the people behind the cash register are rushed and unfriendly, and despite the fact that there are 5-6 people working behind the counter at all times, it's impossible to get your order in a timely manner (even for something simple) or get help when you're either missing a part of your order or can't find it. A bagel and a bottle of water shouldn't take 10 minutes and then come without the water. I order grab-n-go because I want to grab it and go, not because I want to stand there and wait as long as if I had ordered pancakes.
h2hvzv1XWyTqpUCxuQLw1Q	I wanted to like the Axe and Palm.  Really.  It's in a convenient location, has decent hours (at least during the school year), and has a reasonable menu.  Also, unlike some other other reviewers, I harbored no resentment about the old CoHo being replaced by this establishment.Sadly, the food quality is very inconsistent (though never all that great), and the staff sometimes gives off an air of apathy.  The coffee isn't very good either.  Maybe they need more training?  Maybe they need better management?  Something needs to change in order to smooth out the experience.Better options nearby on campus include the Treehouse, the new CoHo, and the bookstore cafe.
e9hegxtdoro0KjJZTyUsLQ	Hard to believe but this is my first time at Jamba Juice. I had the pomegranate beverage. DELICIOUS. Definitely worth the visit. The staff was friendly as well.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	Still solid.  You can also pop in in the morning to pick up cheap and strong coffee, a bagel, a muffin, juice, etc.  Not just for lunch!  The folks who work here are quite nice too.The only thing that could be improved: I wish they'd spread the mayo/mustard on the sandwich more evenly.
Hh6iHC3bW_MUPuOhsIKFYw	Sitting at one of the patio tables is one of my favorite spots for lunch on a sunny day. Located at the Cantor Arts Center on Stanford University campus, the caf overlooks the Rodin Sculpture Garden. There is a large grass area where my children love to run while we wait for our lunch to arrive. The caf serves fantastic soups, salads and sandwiches (my favorite is the egg salad with capers on a baguette).
Ek2ZL_Ydwba1Nhdp0F1mTg	I have been at Stanford for quite a while, and a trip to Moonbeans hardly ever disappoints.  I love their vanilla lattes (iced or regular), though sometimes the amount of vanilla you get is inconsistent.  Their cream-cheese topped chocolate muffins are also quite delicious.  Oh, good root beer floats too!The things I usually crave here, however, are their samosas and breakfast burritos.  They are REALLY good, and served piping hot!
T7UOTXOsi6ZdJkzy8czTMw	Its impressiveIts open 24 hours Its free The gates of hell are scary on multiple levels :o
63IsblsehOcN2OvhVIP9Vg	You all love your beauty rest, right?If your sleep is compromised, it can wreak all sorts of havoc with your life...  the Stanford Sleep Center can help with that, by determining if you actually have a clinical sleep disorder, and recommending appropriate therapy if you need it.Normally the waiting list for patients to get sleep studies is on the order of weeks, but if you're just doing this out of curiosity, they often have cool studies you can participate in-- not only do you sometimes get compensated, you learn about your sleep habits as well.  Good deal.And now I'm off to bed.
uT_J1dCJ3KQ6L_iZy0_UjA	This is the central cafeteria for Stanford University.  As such, many people are all-too-familiar with it, including myself.  They also don't change their menu very often, so we all get very tired of the options.It is a cafeteria with a few different options, including a salad bar, a BBQ area, "Chopstix", a Panini station, and pizza.  I'll break it down from here.Salad Bar:  The salads are over-dressed to the point where it is more like a soup.  Prices are $6-$7, although smaller pre-made salads in a cooler are $5.50, which are better with dressing in a little cup.  The salads offered are usually a southwestern chicken salad, a Cobb salad, and (lately) a strawberry salad.BBQ: This place has turkey sandwiches and plates, roast chicken, brisket sandwiches and plates, and chicken strips.  The turkey sandwiches are alright, although overdressed with cranberry sauce.  The roasted chicken is one of the better options.  The brisket is usually disgusting since they don't trim the meat, meaning that you can get large sinuous blobs of fat instead of meat most times.  It's hard to get chicken strips wrong.  Sides include potato salad, coleslaw, fries, beans, and greens.  The greens are poorly prepared, as are the beans.  The fries are alright, as are the slaw and potato salad.Chopstix:  The food here is garbage.  Stay away, and go to the "NetAppetit" food truck instead if you want this style of food.  After yet another bad meal here, I vowed not to eat this crap again and told my classmates to knock the food out of my hands if I ever order it again.  So far, so good.Italian:  The sandwiches ($6) are okay, although the "Bella Italia" tastes a lot like a hot dog, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  The other ones (veggie, chicken) are mediocre.  They come with a tasteless Caesar salad or pasta salad.The pizza is bad, very bad, and not that cheap either.The dining area is okay, and the outdoor area is quite nice.  They now have bio-degradable containers and cutlery that are made from corn or potatoes, and they might taste better than the food inside.So, to summarize, go somewhere else.  I've seen Stanford Dining employees doing the same thing as I stood in line behind them at a taco truck at a construction site on campus.
aDGAjfvul2nvigzkFSwF5w	Ike's is the place for Sandwiches!! Generous portions, great sandwich combos and excellent service! I reward myself with these stuff, that's how GOOD it is!
3UoKCzIl-MD4uHeBEXNhaQ	Some serious mixed reviews here - you either love or hate this place - or think it's too expensive.Me, I think it's amazingly affordable for the quality of food. LOVE their salad bar selections, full of roasted veggies, organic greens, roasted meats, awesome salad dressings, etc.  I get a huge salad there a couple times a week for about $6.There's also the two taco option for $4.50.  And the food is great quality - not at all cafeteria style (I HATE THE STANFORD HOSPITAL CAFETERIA with the notable exception of their Tues/Thurs morning fresh toast.  For $1/slice it's the best breakfast deal around!).I think their Asian selection is also fresh, healthy, flavorful.  And the American Grill is as good as you'd get at a sit-down restaurant w/ fresh flavorful sauces and marinades.  I swear the few times I've suffered through lunchtime at the Hospital Cafeteria, it's been more expensive and tasteless (everything tastes like it was previously frozen and mass-produced).Second to last comment:  I really appreciate eating off real plates, using metal utensils.  Bottles/cans/plastic all are recycled.  Big star for being green.Finally, I suggest skipping the noon hour as it gets chaotic and you may find yourself surrounded by heated debates on physics or chemical equations - and probably in a language you don't even understand in the first place.
S91kz40EtAo3AKUrDyEeDg	If you're not sick and can go elsewhere, do it. Even for dining hall food it's not great. The choices are subpar and they always run out of the few things that are good.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	I remember Stanford before there was CoHo.  The only place for beer was the Treehouse (their beer often tastes old) and the were few late night options.  No live music.  Terrible on-campus catering.  It was like Stanford wasn't a real college or something.It may be difficult to find a spot to sit at the CoHo, and the food might not be michelin rated, but is SURE better than the Treehouse!  And, lots of events on campus get sandwiches and salads catered from here.  They tend to be delicious, and seem healthier than a pile of catered Chinese/Mexican/Italian food.  I like Stanford more because the CoHo exists.
-49fWJA2MU8ppRw8-rX6Sg	I'm wavering between a 3 and 4 star for this review. Plus(+)1) Quality and quantity of the vegetarian/ vegan options. You won't find this anywhere else.2) Friendly staff - They are always super nice and bring your sandwich to you.3) Free bag of dirty chips or fruit - yummyMinus(-)1) They are sooooo slow. I think the staff is slow on purpose at times to keep the lines long and give the illusion of popularity. I see them write down the sandwiches on the sticky and then repeat the effort in telling the sandwich makers what to do instead of just handing the sticky note over. 2) Too oily. I don't like sandwiches with a lot of condiments and these sandwiches are just dripping with sauce. I feel semi gross every time I eat at Ike's.Ike's got bumped to 4 stars because it's one of the better sandwich places on campus.
n1pp7Kqj9p9HQACdbabkFQ	AMAZING. BEST SANDWICH.I'm a big sandwich person, so the fact that this made me deliciously omgasm is a GREAT sign! I ordered the MENAGE A TROIS (they have very interesting names for their sandwiches!) on Dutch bread. OMG. Dutch bread is AMAZING, It's crispy and crunchy. Very sturdy, holds up real well.Also order the menage a trois if you like slightly sweet things / sweet sandwiches. They also have good drinks on the side as well, including the leningrad soviet drink, and some cream sodas. Very clean and open area to eat and enjoy your sandwiches as well!Sidenote: this is a green building, so they don't hand out cups or anything.
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Stanford University....Home away from homeAnother alum still herePost-graduation!Still fantasy landForever spring - so it seemsRed tiles, tan arches....Welcoming vistaPalms standing at attentionDrawing us forwardMain Quad and Mem ChuStark and stunning up aheadBehold the OvalManicured landscapeVolleyball, picnics and moreHoo Tow standing proudDish in the distanceSeems so close and yet so farNew runners feel me!So much to enjoyPeople from around the worldUncommon eventsDignitary guestsLegendary athletes, starsOn stage, down the hallEver-improvingGrounds, facilities, eateriesShopping mall to bootWorld-class hospitalNever-ending constructionParking where to find?!It can seem perfectFrom a distance, and peacefulTo a visitor!More than meets the eyeThe depth, struggles, and dreamsThat make Stanford great!
h2hvzv1XWyTqpUCxuQLw1Q	The best aspect of the CoHo is the atmosphere.  It's a great place to meet friends and get work done.  There are plenty of tables, and there are a variety of decent couches for lounging. The tea is nice; they offer loose-leaf tea, which you can't find at the local Starbucks or Peet's. The coffee is acceptable; neither bad nor great.The problem for me, and the source of the lost stars, is the quality of the pastries.  When the CoHo first reopened over the summer, they had an excellent section of pastries -- everything from flan danishes to muffins, donuts to croissants.  Unfortunately, the selection has dwindled in recent months.  Nowadays, you have your choice of crusty flan danishes... or crusty sugar pastry things.  Muffins, scones, coffee cake, and everything else of that sort are rarities.I must admit that I haven't tried the non-pastry food, but that's mostly because the portions appear meager and the quality seems questionable.  If you want coffee or tea, the CoHo is great.  If you want food, I recommend going elsewhere in Tresidder Union -- specifically, to the Treehouse or Subway.
z-R-_pNPK8FqHFSfC422SQ	yay for Ikes... but not this location.I had the SF giants...I don't really like the mushrooms in the sandwiches because there's so much sauce that they put with it that i dont really taste the meat. The sauce overwhelms it all and starts dripping everywhere!For some reason, though... my sandwich just didn't taste as good when I had to wait an hour for it. Not to mention, one of my sandwiches was lost because it didn't have the name on it! My friend had to ask what was taking so long... wow. The sandwich is definitely not worth the wait... I can't wait until they bring it to SJ. Also, service is just whatever. Not as friendly here as other Ike's.Parking is expensive... so bring lots of coins!!
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Cute little cafe. Nothing more, nothing less.
2zsMynWIexT98IbXVP1Mrg	I'm basing my review on the items I've had and love - because I've not had anything that comes close to these, regardless the price. Cafe Mocha - is really really really good. I swear.Iced Cafe Mocha - is also really really really good - just colder!I've not had many items on their food menu, but I do know that the something-with-p is not so good. their bagels are ok - they're bagels, so there's not much one can do about that. they have a good range of veggie stuff - but it's not as tasty as I'd like. the service is fine - no complaints. honestly, I'm just a sucker for their awesome cafe mocha. I don't care about anything else! oh, sometimes you get to see Cliff Nass hanging out there - that was fun =)
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Beautiful campus. A lot of renovation going on.  Nice classrooms with beautiful views. Gives everyone free iPads
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Small and does not accept cardinal dollars. Central location is a plus.
6I042PLRiYub7RvufcqjZQ	Look Ma, I finally made it to Standford!!!!!!!!  Ok Ok.  I  only made it here to eat at Ike's Place.This little sandwich shop is located within the campus famous and esteemed Stanford University.  This is the second location of the popular Ike's place located in San Francisco, California that is causing quite a a stir within food articles and Yelp.  As of this review, the original location have over  4k reviews with an amazing 4.5 stars average after opening in just 2007.  The sandwich is so good that in order to get the sandwich here to the students and faculty in Standford, Standford gave Ike's a little spot within one of their dining buildings free of rent, with only a minimum percentage of the sales going to the college as payment.  How do I know this?  I befriended one of the owners of the third and fourth Ike's opening up while I was working in California and he told me.Despite this place being within a University, the dining area is open to the general public.  Since I couldn't find the time to travel to the original location, I made do with getting my hands and stomach at these sandwiches at this spot since it was a lot closer to where I was situated. First thing I discovered about Ike's here.  The campus is a freaking maze.  The drive goes through multiple winding roads which was not help by multiple blocked areas because of construction.  Once parked at a nearby parking lot, you still have to figure out how to get to and locate the building where this sandwich shop lies.  You can't tell from the building outside since there is no signage declaring that there is food much less Ike's Place is within.  Don't be too shy to ask for directions.  We did.. like 3 times. This place is perfect for Stanford.  It takes a genius to find it.This location makes up for the difficulty in finding the place by not having the long 1-2 hours line that the San Francisco shop is known for.  Walking inside, you'll see a disappointingly small looking stand declaring it's Ike's place.  Despite it's size, it takes no longer than a few minutes before it's your turn to order.  That's one reason to eat here instead if you are just interested in trying these sandwiches.I heard there was over 180 combinations of sandwiches including a few secret ones only insiders know about.  I could believe it because besides the more popular selections up on the board behind the cash wrap, there is also a whole binder available that is full of selections to choose from if you are so inclined to read it.  Me, I just wanted to eat and I went after what the cashier (and verified by the owner of the other Ike's) told me was one of their most popular sandwiches, the Menage A Trois  consisting of halal chicken, real honey, honey mustard, bbq, pepper jack, swiss, and cheddar cheese.  You could choose a selection of bread ( I believe it was white, wheat, and sourdough)  all grilled with their signature Dirty Sauce onto the bread.  I highly suggest you let them slather another helping of the Dirty Sauce all over the interior of the sandwich also. Dripping with it, the sandwich was moist, fragrant, with a chewy bread, and unbelievably delicious.  I bought the large size instead of the small and it still disappeared like nothing. I couldn't help devouring it.  One of the better sandwiches I ate anywhere and I highly agree with it's enthusiastic reviews.If I loved it so much, why did I give it a 4 instead of a 5? I had to deduct a point for having lack of sides.  They had only bagged potato chips here where the cashier told me that they fry up some amazing stuff at the original location.  Saving that last star for whenever I get to the original Ike's then.***************************************************************The Ménage A Trois: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GqFwgMpqggQgYTco0AbEAg?select=tOVpfoukJzMrxLfmDKn7pw
xKNz2STKDVQwZi1v0IH9tA	I would say Coupa is 3 stars, but I give it one extra star for being on campus! The Tiger Spice Chai is my FAVORITE and pretty much the reason I keep returning.  The chicken pesto and honey crepes are alright but nothing special.
o-t-i7nbT5N_cmkCXs5oDQ	Bytes Cafe, located in the Packard electrical engineering building, used to be operated by a group of really cool and friendly lesbians (no need to say what we used to call the place...). Then it closed for a while, and reopened with a new management and menu. It's still not a bad place to go (probably one of the better ones on campus as far as the quality of the food goes), but it's not the cheapest either. I like their lemon chicken sandwich: grilled chick en with herb and a lemon sauce that comes on pretty good bread with a side of potato salad... yummy! They also have really good pizza. The outdoor seating area is also definitely enjoyable.
LkDhytbQIlajc0e_qO52ig	I give up on this place.  They use to have decent burritos, but the quality and service has gone downhill.  Burritos are lukewarm at best.  My burrito, when I opened it, fell apart due to a weak flour wrap.  Workers there are super silent and unfriendly.  Also, burritos are flavorless and not spicy at all.  Hint:  Remodeling doesn't change service and quality of food.
_xiweXiABHZPZw__LcwGcA	Shawn and Carlos bartended this halloween party that i attended a few months ago and lets just say the quality of the service, the drinks, and well the overall ambiance, were second to none. With Carlos at the helm, there is no other bartending company that i would recommend. Carlos and Sean made for an amazing duo that executed, managed, and delivered supreme service. Stanford's bartender is the BOMB!
FFWtw73N2xBxbGMIdmFHug	I helped organize WePay's Halloween Party #HalloWePay 2011. We were referred to Stanford's Bartender by some friends. They arrived early and set up a BEAUTIFUL station. It was hectic- Carlos said they served around 2000 drinks! But they never compromised on the quality. I taste tested at various points in the evening to ensure that this was the case ;) They had wonderful drinks, made more delicious by the fact that they used freshly squeezed juices! What made it even more stellar was the staff's wonderful attitudes. With over 2000 drinks being served, you can imagine that things got a bit raucous. Everyone from Stanford's Bartender was jovial and kind all night long, even when there was a crush 4-5 people deep at the bar.
AthTPapZe_X4u9kopNATxw	I just want to say I love(d) Lutticken's.  It started out great for me as a faster/cheaper option to Ike's when I wanted a dutch crunch.  Nevertheless, what happened today changed everything for me and I will not be going back there ever again.  I had asked for certain items to not be on my sandwich (sprouts in particular) so just before I was about to bite into my sandwich, I decided to double check that everything was okay and I didn't need to pull anything off my sandwich.  WELL! I opened it up and what did I see on the salami but fur! Actual moldy fur completely circumnavigating the rings of salami on my italian sandwich.  The other meats in the pile looked a little off in color - maybe even a little bit of green here and there but the fur was unmistakable while the rest could've been my imagination.  What I don't get is I witnessed (this was lunch rush) several other people also ordering the same thing. They have high throughput so under what food storage conditions could my meal actually acquire fur?  Again... I think their sandwiches are great but I don't even want to know what would've happened if I'd actually eaten my sandwich. And I hope whoever goes there is careful about checking on what it is they're putting in their mouth first!
xIQ5W6a9W5R3JkZ_6tmA-g	you know this would be a really good place if the employees were pleasant. since they opened i have been there to buy coffee for our dept staff at least twice a week and each time we're greeted with a not so friendly attitude, including this morning. and forget it if you have to make a change to your order, then any small ounce of friendly they can force themselves to show goes right out the window. in addition they should really be more conscious of how they express their frustration when speaking to each other in spanish. i may not look like it but i speak fluent spanish and understand when they're bashing me and other customers for placing orders and specifying the way we like it. very unprofessional and makes for poor business.  like i said before this would be a great spot if there were friendlier people working. although a little pricey, the coffee is good and some of the food is really good. oh, how i miss the people from moonbeans. never a complaint with them.
qy1HyF1nCKaMJCg-vvB1Xw	Extremely hit or miss. Been having lots of bad food recently from here.My complaint especially is about not having any meat options at all. At times there's only some disgusting curry which looks extremely appetizing and white jasmine rice. After which everyone heads to the grill, and you have to wait 10 minutes to get your burger.I used to prefer Wilbur over Stern but I've recently changed my mind.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	Another near-monopoly on Stanford's campus and it shows.  This Coupa Cafe is the exclusive coffee provider on the GSB (business school) campus.  Between classes, the line gets incredibly long to the point that most people turn away.  Service is friendly, though.  My suggestion to management would be to (a) staff up during heavy class days like Monday, (b) ensure all employees are working the register (no one cleaning, etc) during the 15 minutes between classes, and (c) consider having two lines - one for specialty drinks, and one for quick drip coffee; maybe a credit card only line to swipe, grab a class, and move on.  Guarantee this will increase sales by 15%+.The Venezuelan coffee is good, but it's not great.  I'd put it on par with Peet's and ahead of Starbucks, but it's no where near Philz, Blue Bottle, Ritual, etc.   Unlike many competitors, they do set out coffee for use in iced drinks so the hot coffee doesn't immediately melt the ice.Smoothies are great, but way too sugary; would be nice if you could add "boosts" like at Jamba Juice (protein powder, caffeine, vitamins, etc).Food is sub-par and selection is minimal, especially of prepared foods in the glass showcase.  If Coupa just had a better selection, I'd grab food here all the time.Little things bother me, though, like the way the sugar and lids are laid out.  There's one island in the middle to get everything, but they have spread the essentials out - stirs on one side, sugar the other; lids on one side, straws on the either.  This causes you to have to reach across while holding a full, hot cup of coffee, which is a big problem when it's packed - I've seen so many unnecessary spills due to poor arrangement of this area.  And the darn lids never fit - there are three options, and no matter which I grab it's always the wrong one - and I swear I try to learn each time.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	Still crazy waits unless you get your sandwich at like 10 am.  I try to call in my order and they never pick up, even after calling every 5 minutes for half an hour.  Their voicemail doesn't even say "Ike's", it's just a generic message, so I'm not even sure if the phone number listed online is the right number!!They're always running out of ingredients, even first thing in the morning.The sandwiches barely have any cheese.Also now: sandwiches do NOT come with chips or fruit for free.  75 cents for fruit, $1 for chips or something, even though the menu hasn't been updated to reflect this.This place is extremely overhyped.
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Surprisingly good lunch considering scraggly dreary-eyed clientele.
-bj4evSejxRDuvYnmcGNrg	Legit sandwiches.Matt Cain sandwich is a winner!
zlVdqkCO3TTqZn9bAbBUFg	This is for the rude "barista" lady.My husband generally takes medium size coffee in a large size cup to prevent spilling (he spills a lot). So he ordered the same thing. The barista lady there gave him, what seemed more like, a small coffee in a large size cup. So my husband asked for more coffee. She said NO. I wanted to ask for an empty medium size cup and show her that she really gave less coffee but I didn't wanna ruin my morning. First, she was wrong. Second, who says no to a little bit more coffee!!! I hope the manager reads this and improve their service.
63IsblsehOcN2OvhVIP9Vg	There's a lot of coffee available on campus, but it's often a hit-or-miss proposition.  Who knows what's in that large thermos labeled "house blend"?Peet's is a consistently good cup of super-caffeinated goodness.  If you're trying to wean yourself, try the OJ and a pastry, or one of their teas.  This coffee shop also has the nicest view-- you can sit on the 2nd floor walkway and admire a grassy lawn, or people-watch as all the grad students go about their daily tasks.Beware the huge am line, though.  Service can get spotty at those times with only a couple people working the counter.
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	If you're visiting campus, make sure to go to the top of Hoover Tower. On a nice day, you can see across the bay and also the foothills. If you're trying to gain a picture of the size of campus, looking from this aerial view is a good approach to understanding the acreage. There is a student guide at the top who will answer your questions. You'll be able to see rooftop patios on buildings which you probably never knew existed. There is also a carillon up top, and there are some concerts which are really fun to listen to (from the ground). Check out the concert and playing schedule.
cji0MOcc8aefK4Qm_TeC5A	My favorite is Chicken breast plain with Dutch crunch and vegi-meatball.I go to this place at least 3 times for lunch!
8HkcEOuoQMOGv05zHZGkCg	Carlos recently threw a party for me a group of ~40 close friends and family at my apartment in San Francisco. From beginning to end, the event was seamless and I have no one but Carlos to thank for its success. He is very thoughtful about everything from tailoring the drink selection to how the the bar should be set up. He had great ideas about how to keep the party evolving with a differing selection of drinks through the evening. Just when I thought that people were going to be losing some steam after a long day of partying, Carlos stepped up his game with some bartneding tricks and flames - it really picked up the party's vibe and eveyone's energy. Everyone at the party was impressed by his skills and generally great showmanship. Several people at the party asked him for his conact info, as they also wanted to have him at their future parties. After a long night of partying, Carlos saw to it that everything in the house was returned to prestine condition - the bar was probably cleaner than even before the party!I've since recommneded Stanford's Barternder to several of my friends, knowing that he would not disappoint. My girlfriend recently threw a vineyard party in Sonoma, and she and her friends had nothing but the best things to say about their experience with Stanford's Bartender. I'm definitely planning on using him next time I throw a bash (which I'm hoping to be soon!).
HYQoxBC1y1DGPq6pGP09Tw	A friend of Matt's, who is currently employed @ Stanford University, has a bunch of tickets for the 4 of us to go see  Cardinals' Basketball, who'll be hosting the Oregon Ducks.  Matt loves college baskeball, but unable to followed the sport in recent years, because of his busy schedule. Matt's first ever college basketball game as a spectator live, and to one of the elite university campus in the country. Stanford is known to have a powerful sporting program as well.The Fantastic 4 was shocked how beautiful and breath-taking the campus is. But Maples Pavillion, where the Cardinals play hoops, is little runned down, which ruins the image of the campus. It is kind of a bad combo. Well, it's only a campus facility, not other high-profile arenas where professional teams play across the country .i.e. Oracle Arena, San Jose Arena, Staples Center... Although the aging basketball facilities, fans and alumnis were very lively, in doing their best to rock the house down. In conclusion, Stanford did win the game over Oregon, who is one of top 25 college teams in the nation. The Fantastic 4's first ever college basketball game was no disappointment. Daddy hopes his kids do well in their educational studies, and hopefully go to a University like where Chelsea Clinton built. It is still too early for the kids to decide on their future, but Matt hopes it's the best.
ImIQjXqIPLlGhYt9Qw_OtA	BEST SANDWICH EVER. Seriously dont know what more to say than yummmm and I cant wait to go back!
yw468O-m0QG0FrTCn3GKrQ	Stanford QSA uses DJ Kuya every chance we can get!  He has great taste in music, is easygoing, has a fair price, and he brings all of his own equipment.  He is also incredibly nice and has done lots of events in the Stanford area, so he knows what he's doing.
PjYaEnWRFB7uogiAeaXQQA	There's a lot of hype about Ike's, and I'm sure that Stanford felt really lucky when they found out they were getting one on campus!  (I know I'm jealous!!)Like any other Ike's location, this place gets super packed during lunchtime.  Unless you're ok with waiting, come before 11:15am or after 2pm.  Even when you come at those times, there is a bit of a wait for the sandwich.  Without a line at the cashier, I think I waited almost 15 minutes for my sandwich.I ordered the Menage a Trois (as per Yelpers' suggestions).  When I had first read the desciription of this sandwich (Halal Chicken, Real Honey, Honey Mustard, BBQ Sauce, Pepper Jack, Swiss, & Cheddar), I was a bit skeptical.  Honey?  In my sandwich?  Not so sure about that.BUT.  The first bite convinced me otherwise.  This sandwich is PACKED with flavor and is honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Sweet and savory and delicious.  Maybe not everyone will agree (although the plethora of reviews seem like most will), but it's definitely worth trying.For a sandwich, it IS pretty pricey.  If you find that it is amaaaaazing like I did, then it's worth it.  If you don't, great!  One less person to beat out in line :)
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Lupe T. is right: this is a nice addition to the Stanford campus scene, esp. for Law School types and Reese Witherspoon wanna-be's. The M@M is basically a high-end micro-grocery store with lots of cool stuff at reasonable prices. The selection of goods is small but extremely well-chosen. It's located in the brand-new Munger graduate housing complex surrounded on the outside by beautiful palms, each of which cost more than $50,000, I understand. That would pay for a year of law school, almost. Or that Mazdaspeed3 I have been coveting. But the trees and surrounding courtyard are great! (If you look closely, you will see how these fantastic natural beauties are sculpted with a chain-saw to make them look so slender and smooth. I kid you not. This is hard work).Inside the store, you will find a little of everything, from chocolates to cling-wrap and many things in-between. Hey, why travel all the way to the downtown Trader Joe's in Palo Alto when you can shop here?
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	I really liked the chicken chutney sandwich, it was tasty. However, I wish there could be something that connects the dryness of the bread to the tasty chicken part. However, it seems a bit expensive for a sandwich without anything else like chips, etc. Went at lunch time on a week day, and it took about 35 minutes for the food to be ready.
GBr5_6s2o7uI3FE1yDMiYw	The best (espresso) coffee at Stanford. Also, excellent, friendly service.
IJzqykTRzsncdXEkc8vXLg	Jimmy's is where the some of the best athletes in the country get their fill.  But, if you're in the know, you'll realize that Jimmy opens up to the public for lunch, and as I found out when I spoke to him today, now for dinner too.  Jimmy's offers pretty standard grill faire, plus a few hot entree's at every meal.  The price is right and the quality and freshness of ingredients beats any place else on campus.  Eat like a (future) pro at Jimmy V's.  Picnic benches out front are a great spot for lunch on a sunny day.  Located across from Maples Pavillion on Campus Drive.
G39TMWUNe9Q6GGzqU5wvPg	This is the place where I do not mind investing few dollars every day.  First of all, they have the perfect small size $1 coffee and $1 chocolate bar.  Real black coffee at that! Their coffee is not diluted; Thank you Coupa for waking me up to work! Their pastries, sandwiches and smoothies are also great....can't wait till I try a crepe!
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	This is the best college radio station in the country. I love them especially for their sports programming; football, volleyball, basketball, baseball and others. I do not like their music though. It seems like every wierdo is a DJ and they play nothing I like at anytime.But I sure luv my sports therefore the 5 stars. I can always listen to KFOG.
uv3XzRc6rT6r_Xd-7aRIzA	3.5 stars.Having been at this place since my naive li'l undergrad days in the early 2000s and now again as the sketchy grad student I definitely have to say my memories of the place didn't match up to what I enjoyed recently.Spicy curries are moderately spicy, so that's a plus for me.  I've been there a dozen times or so the past year and:+their curry quality is variable but generally good in a "comfort food" kinda way.+the value of their food, at $6-7 or so a pop, is quite reasonable and really filling even for your starvin' student.+service is SPEEDY, in a Seinfeld soup nazi kinda way-their rice runs consistently too wet/mushy, and their rice noodles are all clumped up.-the quality of meat/ingredients runs a bit low... you can definitely tell if you pick them out from your curry and eat them individually.As an undergrad I thought this place was AMAZING... since my other options was basically cafeteria food.  Now there's failburgers at TAP, failsandwiches at Subway, failritos at the Treehouse, decent food @ Ricker that's WAYYYYY too far away... and a surprising amount of decent options on campus too, such as Ike's, Bytes Cafe, and what not.Price-performance ratio: good, except other campus options nearby offer similar value.  I suppose it's nice to switch it up for those stuck on campus nerding it out all day.PS: The Thai soup nazi lady aka "notorious boob job lady" is still there to provide you with speedy currylicious service!
KXWggMsjK6LLZhYXzc_W3Q	$0.50 for a cup of fresh-brewed coffee?!That's so cheap, Stanford might as well just give away free ulcers and high blood pressure to all its students.Caffeine Buzz Ending Soon... must... re.. charge.
rMxvC3pj-PG9WXjUb7Ai-g	I love Ikes place so much that when I was in the san jose area. I came to the Stanford spot three times  three days in the row.  I look forward to burning off all those extra calories and Ill have a smile on my face because I know it was well worth it. But I will say it is on the pricey side but I quickly forget each time when I take that first big bite.
RGcEO4cYuXFigUWNTIadOw	Personally and on behalf of clients I have worked with many bartending/catering services in the San Francisco Bay Area. Stanford's Barender is now my first call.  Their ability to plan every detail of the event, create a beautiful bar, and clean beyond their end time continues to show their dedication to my clients events.  Everything, from the fresh fruit they use in their drinks to their reminder emails, shows class and professionalism.Given that they are registered and fully insured, I think it's fantastic that their prices are competitive. I know from experience how costly it can be to use discounted/uninsured contractors for mission critical meetings. If you want to impress your guests,  amaze your clients, raise funding, or just reward your employee's this is the way to go. An unforgettable celebration truly begins by not having to worry about the staff and service.
B-BO8FE6Fvf7ruAjSem8lw	The menu includes one page of vegetarian and one page of vegan sandwiches, so right from the start, this place looks good.  The list of sandwiches is extensive, and (at least for the vegetarian and vegan menus) these are combinations you might not find anywhere else.However, this is not a typical restaurant, so beware:1) You'll need to be patient.  I visited on MLK day (no classes) and I still spent about 40 minutes waiting (on line to place the order, then for the order to be completed).  I was also the only person over 30 in the building during that time ;-)2) There is no posted menu.  There are a couple of menus that float down the line (sometimes with pages missing).  The menu is extensive, so try to check out their web site before you come so that you'll have some idea of what's offered.  There's also an iPhone app (should you be so inclined) with a full menu.3) If you're on campus, great.  If not, getting here by car can be a challenge.  If you're in downtown Palo Alto, consider walking (Google Maps says 1/2 hour), biking, or taking the free Marguerite Shuttle.  If you must drive and you're not familiar with the campus, check out the Stanford web site for information on parking.Now go to Ike's and enjoy that sandwich!
Wb5Gs_FpWDYjrhn0luPd3A	I have a family friend visiting from Harvard and one of her top sights to see is the Stanford campus since most of her classmates had gotten accepted into the phD program at Stanford. She wanted to check out the competition so I obliged.We visited around 7PM or so which actually is the prettiest time to go since the sun is setting (it's not too hot) and the parking is free ("A" parking is till 5 or 6 PM).The only thing I like about the campus is the main driveway when you're coming from University Ave. I like the two gates that welcome you (they should have a Stanford sign or something though), the palm trees that beckon you to enter the campus and then the roundabout at the end of the driveway. The buildings and arches are grand, as well as the Rodin sculptures and gold embossed mural inside. But other than that part of the entrance, the rest of the campus is mediocre and an average uni campus.It serves well as a good tourist attraction.
CqSnsvoaBzEgAmGm-XnzaA	If there's one thing I can't stand, it's waiting in unnecessarily long lines. Upon a first glance, this would rule out Ike's for a lunch time restaurant choice - there are usually decently long lines, and all they make are sandwiches.However, these are the best sandwiches I've ever had-- and I consider myself to be a huge sandwich aficionado.What makes them so good? They're all different. Don't go to Ike's if you're craving a plain turkey sandwich on wheat. Ike's goes the extra mile, in terms of creativity, fresh ingredients, and killer combinations that only get better over time. For a while, I tried to order a different kind of sandwich every time I visited (or I'd go with a friend and we'd each order a sandwich and split them both - great tip for trying new things here!), but now I have my list of favorites. Their sauces are unparalleled - especially the Godfather sauce found in my favorite sandwich, the Matt Cain, and the dirty sauce, a garlic aioli, that Ike puts on just about everything else.Take my word for it. Grab a $10 as soon as you possibly can and get to Ike's in the new Engineering quad. You won't regret it-- the wait makes it even more worth it.
eIa4QJXp5ZNmuFORnuPvDA	Love, love, love the Sweet Baby salad! In general I think CoHo is the best option in Tressider if you want healthy (at least not greasy, fatty) yet tasty & filling food.* Sweet potato fries - 3.5 starshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DLaAK2VYMGd-vodPtp7aoA?select=4z_4dloxezmhHaX-_uwEFQ#4z_4dloxezmhHaX-_uwEFQ(side. $4.05)These were crisped pretty well, but I found the inside a little too soft and somewhat undercooked. They did give us a nice giant tub of ranch dressing when I asked (that always goes better w/ sweet potato fries). A somewhat pricey side - good portion, but I was still surprised that it was over $4 when some of the sandwiches actually come with this as a side.* New Yorker - 4 starshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DLaAK2VYMGd-vodPtp7aoA?select=4z_4dloxezmhHaX-_uwEFQ#Gth9EfCJjCpNLwxfwjOJ7g(meatball sandwich. $6.95)Ok I'll be honest.. we found a dead spider on one of the lettuce leaves in the salad. Not a big deal. Well, it kind of is, but we just threw away that leaf and didn't say anything and pretended nothing happened. On the sandwich itself though, the bun was buttery and lightly crisped. The sauce tart and the meatballs soft and delicious.* Sweet Baby - 5 stars!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DLaAK2VYMGd-vodPtp7aoA?select=4z_4dloxezmhHaX-_uwEFQ#RBbjjMdmADOoYYoNwDG9RQ(Spring mix with candied pecans, dried cranberries, cherry tomatoes and crumbled blue cheese, dressed with honey-Creole mustard vinaigrette. $6.95)Oh MAN this salad was delicious! All the ingredients together just worked together incredibly well, and the dressing held the salad together and made it filling and even more tasty. Add chicken for a couple bucks and you get these soft shredded pieces of chicken. I loved this salad!
2l0O1EI1m0yWjFo2zSt71w	Gorgeous campus and I hear that academics aren't too shabby either... No of course I did not go to Stanford (I'm a Gaucho) but over the years I've spent some time on campus for numerous reasons mostly related to tennis.  My first memory was when I was 11 or 12 (or younger?) and I attended Nike Jr. Tennis Camp and one of my last fond memorieswas from when I taught at a Nike Camp at Stanford in the summer of 1998.  Both times we'd stay at the dorms on campus and eat at their facilities and although I remember the dorms we stayed at were quite cramped, they weren't bad.  I remember hitting up one of the shops located on one of the tracks near the tennis courts and I'd buy Stanford boxers (cute green and blue plaid - wish I had still had them) and other trinkets and snacks.  I actually know quite a few people that graduated from Stanford and to be honest a lot of them were hardworking and athletic individuals but the majority of them are the craziest party loving people I have ever met!  Whenever out of state people ask me about Stanford (esp. when I lvied in Denver), Ihave nothing but good things to say... I've always had a memorable time at Stanford.
C_WBA2dlJlqsAwA-WNFcmQ	I'm not much of a coffee drinker so I can't review the coffee here. My guess is that it's probably good as any other place. The food is here is fit for consumption. They don't have the best of selections but it's different because they change their selection everyday. You serve yourself from a buffet style food burner so the food sits out for a while but it's not bad. It can get a bit pricey because they charge you by the ounce. If you want to go the cheap route they sell slices of pizza, which is reasonable. They also have prepackaged sandwiches and salads but I think they are overpriced in my opinion. The best thing about this place is that the servers are always cheerful and very friendly.
6QoevXDBZRsEZOYT9laGYA	This is THE place to get drunk at Stanford. Thursday nights are pretty hopping--this summer especially, when the trombone quartet jazzed it up in the quad. During the school year when the row houses go fountain-hopping, they spend a good 5 minutes here and it's always entertaining.Also, during the daytime, it's super easy to pick up on guys because they are apparently into fully-clothed girls who splash around in the water like an only-child. What's up Elliott? How was the Speech & Debate conference?The only downfall is that it's really hard to get a whirlpool going in this one.
WJfNVm4mXXDt1Vakg13CpA	I'm knocking one star down, due to the following changes:Refrain yourself from getting the refrigerated pastas and salads--they are incredibly greasy and artery clogging. On the other hand, they have also raised the price of coffee refills from 50 cents to $1. A bit lame, considering that their coffee tastes burnt with residual coffee grinds. Save yourself the $1 and go to Peet's or Starbucks, which are close by. Sandwiches, bagels and most grill items are still good, granted you carry enough cash with you.
o-t-i7nbT5N_cmkCXs5oDQ	Cafe DNA used to be the best kept secret on Stanford campus... Mysteriously enough, no one seemed to be aware that the best lunch deal was sold in the basement of this med school building. For $5 or so: delicious sandwich on grilled panini bread (not typically a panini since they're not pressed), side of salad with dressing of your choice, and side of potato chips. Oh yumminess! To boot, the guy making the sandwiches was all friendly and chatty and would bring your food to your table. So why only 4 stars: the sandwich guy changed last year, and both the food and the service suffered... Still not a bad place to eat, but not what it used to be.
9yFSUGIui9q6chAv4AEXyg	Excellent experience with this exact location.  Prompt.  Efficient.   If you need a special type off vehicle, sure --  you may be better off going to a much larger facility.  For routine car rentals, this is the place.  They've certainly earned my repeat business and will get it.
RACaZuc0YD9jRPAtaust5g	Ike's has regained its place in my gd bks! Perhaps because I asked to go light on the dirty sauce, wasn't as rich and filling as the last time. Had the "we're just friends" sandwich, loved the orange glaze! I guess I'm a sucker for sweet tastes in my food. Dutch crunch always!! Toast it at home lightly for maximum enjoyment :)
UzFpw5-JFekJ9nF8hI9ZSw	Chicken tacos today were really pretty good. I'm still pissed off that there is no plain iced tea (and don't you dare try to tell me that paradise tea is plain!). There was a male "manager" who I felt was rude to a customer today. It kind of made me question returning as I didn't appreciate that tone of voice.
ohvp-jFb5KFY9I2jWc8nZA	One of the best sandwhiches i ever had u cant go wrong with any any sandwhich as long as u got the dutch crunch bread! if you havnt tried this is one sandwich place u must!
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	The smells of garlic emanate from Olive's in the early morning as I walk to work through the citrus courtyard. They are getting ready for the lunchtime rush, and it helps to start well ahead of time. This is classic, if somewhat uninspired, Mediterranean food: humus, tabouli, baba ganoush, roasted red pepper salad, and lots of little dishes. The outdoor dining options are really great here, located as they are in the Serra Mall inner courtyard with lovely landscaping and nice opportunities for people watching. This is a good, above-average option for dining at Stanford.
q3NRU7LtOp63q4Q13zgZGA	SAY is awesome. A great variety of workouts, with several options for morning and evening classes, which makes it easy to find a class that fits in your schedule.  All the instructors are nice and helpful. And you can't beat the price $70 a quarter for unlimited classes.
SNzCHlR69t50b0bmc07HXw	I love Ike's sandwiches because they were the best sandwiches i ever had but after going to the stanford location I was extremely disappointed.For the same price you pay at the redwood shore location you get half the size of the sandwich!!!! =(  Also they don't even give you as much dirty sauce!  Was very dissatisfied and disappointed of this location.  I rather drive further to Redwood Shores to get a bigger sandwich and more sauce!!!Also, trying to find this location was hard, on campus and had to pay for parking!
nIxlLBtrdyBL4PFbxtipxg	Am sitting on Coho as I type.  Have been here everyday over the last 4 days or so.  It didn't make an impression at first but then I came to realize the context.  Its Stanford's eclectic spot.  I guess Stanford is otherwise about as eclectic as MIT (as compared to, say, Harvard) for example.  So the touch is quite necessary.  At 10 pm, there is live Jazz and it seems to be a pretty cool social spot.  I like it.  I'm gonna give it a 4.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Ok so the crepe offerings have come and gone from the Axe and the Palm but before you get upset about it,  try one of their delicious new sandwiches and burgers.  I highly recommend the wasabi salmon burger.  It was tasty,  had a little kick to it and left me forgetting that crepes were every an option.  I have a feeling this place is close to finding its firm footing.  I won't be surprised though if the management decides to experiment a little further before getting there though.  I guess what I'm saying is, get in there and check out this menu immediately because who knows what it will look like next week!
YqvmLkY7jA8TQ3qBg00r1A	Name of the Girl I'm Dating (MMMMMMhmMMMMMMM)World Championship - (Secret & not on the menu!)This place is located in a nook & crack on Stanford's campus. The trip here may seem overwhelming, but rest assumed the sandwich really makes up for it. What I must say I pride them on is that "dirty sauce" they put on every sandwich. I have no idea what is in it, but golly.. it really blew me away. The prices are pretty high for these sandwiches, but it's really delicious. You will leave here happy. What else could you ask for?
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	This is my regular 1:1 meeting place of choice on campus when I need to get out of my work space and off the business school campus, as nice as that is.  There is a an outdoor garden/water fountain area in back, with lots of shade for those of us sun-averse.  They sell mediocre wine here, but they don't mind if you bring your own.  Inside, they have a gorgeous huge fireplaces with a mantel and comfy couches and over stuffed chairs.They sell decent food for lunch, both ready-to-eat cold things and hot offerings as well.Tey also have a baby grand piano in the main area and I've been lucky enough to attend parties here where they've let folks play it.  Despite not being much of a show tunes gal, I do really like a good brawl up over a piano and possibly belting out a little tune myself.  :)
ifL0pP6wK_6TZVO_Qnk2aQ	I ordered THE CATCH, a savory meatball sub which was as sloppy as they come, but Ike's version adds lettuce, pickles an tomatoes, making it a very balanced sandwich! I didn't know what the hype was about... Now I get it. Only drawback is their small kitchen, so it takes about 30min for sandwich impact during lunch hours.
xnQs2C3HDsNjBg6fvbcUIA	when you're in the mood (for me, not too often) for sandwiches...it's pretty good. i like the meatball sandwich on the sweet soft roll. lots of veggies to choose from. and plus points for being so close to lab i can dart out and dart back in with my sandwich, unscathed by the sun rays on my pale skin.the soups aren't all that fab, and in the corner, you can peer into the freezer where they store bags of prebaked cookies. once, someone in our lab bought a carton of curdled milk that hadn't even expired yet. GASP!but anyway, there's tons of commercial drinks (beware the mango carrot banana smoothie drink) and microwaveable items on stock. various snack and small items for sale too. 50 cents for tea, 10 cents or something for a york peppermint patti. sometimes there's a hotdog guy there too, but in my opinion, 4/5 bucks for a hotdog is a rip when you can get a humongous hebrew national hotdog at costco with free refills on drinks for 1.50.finally, if you're lucky, when they use the printed "luttickens" sticker to seal your sandwich, you'll get something hilarious like "s lut" or "s lutti". haha makes my day. the souvenir "s lutti" sticker my friend got one day with her sandwich is stuck up on the lab wall.
PuHAYMplojiiwXar-Xm5Yg	One of the better food places on campus, and decent prices! I've tried the banana split crepe, pesto crepe, and spicy maya hot cocoa, and all were delicious (I recently discovered pepper infused chocolates, so i had to try the cocoa). Yay for weird flavor combos.Pricing is a bit interesting here - crepes are 5-6 dollars each, but the small hot cocoa i got was over 4 dollars after tax. Maybe I don't eat out enough, but I can't really justify a small (non-alcoholic) drink costing two dollars less than an entree. The quality of their food is excellent, and the eating area is really clean. I think they have coupons every once in a while in the school paper, so i'll definitely be back.
Suw8tiW7EHWpt7HhuB7SDw	Special? No.A-OK? Most definitely.Big portions? Check.Much improved (but not spectacular) salad bar? Check.Daily specials (burritos, sushi)? Check.Big for the buck? Check.Sunny outdoor seating? Check.Breakfast? Check.Egg white and veggie omelette, hold the cheese? Thank you very much.Smoothies and coffee bar? Check. Check.Cafeteria-esque? That too.Friendly service? Mm-hmm.Enough to leave both you and your wallet pretty full? Indeed.
FIHv-S6cb76mLNWLKho88w	Only go here if you really have to. They recently removed the stamp vending machine. I had to stand in line for 20 minutes to buy a $0.44 stamp. The post master was a jerk when I asked about it too. The clerks were helpful when they noticed someone in the wrong line but lacked customer service skills.
BPkM2rnhMO68Le6Xs-7eVg	The food is good, sandwiches are solid and so are the smoothies - everything is overpriced.Jimmy V, if he is still around, is not the nicest or friendliest unless you play or are associated with the football or basketball teams.
xULmaKblwE7L0PRN6qypMA	Pretty bad...
A1r6qjRxaZM8US-jtgZxJA	Saw it on Man vs Food so when I was in San Fran I stopped by with the fam and omg they have the best sandwiches, i tell my fam n friends if they r in san fran they have to stop by. The downside is I live in Oregon :-( but now every time we drive to ca we will b stopping by. Only 1 more wk till pure yumminess. I love Ike's Place..
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	"The Stanford Faculty Club is a private membership organization comprised of active and retired Stanford faculty and senior staff."I've been the the Stanford Faculty Club for various staff/faculty events and I must say that it is one of my favorite places on the Stanford campus. The daily buffet is delicious with a large selection of pastas, pizzas, salads and daily specials such as roasted chicken, bluenose sea bass. The dessert section of the buffet is to die for. Crème brûlée, decadent rasberry and chocolate cakes, soufflés, ice cream...etc. They also have an À la carte menu with great sandwich choices. Too bad this is only open to staff and faculty!!
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	Conveniently located for students on campus, and hidden enough away that only Stanford associated people will go there. They have beautiful outdoor seating that's perfect for a study break or catching up with friends. I have never tried any of their hot food, but they have a good selection of chips, yogurts, pre-made sandwiches, sushi, energy drinks, pastries, candy bars, and coffee. I've never seen a long line, so its easy to get through here in a hurry. The staff are genuinely friendly and you get the added bonus of using Cardinal Dollars if you have them. Down side: they close around 2:15 in the afternoon.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Great little place on campus, where I work.  Not the best menu, not a huge variety, but the atmosphere and the convenience can't be beat.I like the spinach salad and the cookies.  The people watching is very good as well, but not nearly as good as the Stanford bookstore.
uT_J1dCJ3KQ6L_iZy0_UjA	This is probably the best place to eat on Campus.  Prices range from $5-$8 and they have a decent amount of variety, with pizza, a taqueria, pasta, noodle bowls, burgers, an entree of sorts, prepared salads/wraps and a salad bar.The people here seem to care a lot more about their jobs than at the Stanford Dining operated places.  The prices are about the same and the quality of the food is MUCH higher.  One example is the brisket here compared to Tressider.  Here they trim it and rotate it out from time to time, whereas at Tressider they don't bother and slop a half pound of fat on a plate that you are apparently supposed to eat.  Anyway, I'll save blading Tressider for another review.Also, instead of the easily-breakable biodegradable potato-based cutlery and containers, they use washable cutlery and plates, which I assume is more eco-friendly and also is pleasant to use.
h9GVLf7Crm4kNuLFBDnEIw	So now I know why Stanford is so rich- they bottle their own water! (j/k).I recently made a purchase at Stanford's Bookstore Cafe. Upstairs, one can find ample sitting room for studying or people watching from upstairs. The bookstore is quite huge for a college and it is eclectic in terms of offering. Similarly, the cafe has multiple selections in terms of coffee, latte, and mochas. They also have their own bottled water, a decent selection of Odwalla juice, and other bottled juice/soda products. Prices: Prices are reasonable and I even saw a sign for 50 cents coffee. Customer Service: The service was okay. Nothing spectacular. Also, if you are using credit card, it appears the the credit card reader is slower than the machine that takes it. Wait till the cashier gives you the cue to slice the card. Otherwise, you may find yourself doing it multiple times.Parking: Free parking in LOT 6 after 4pm M-F.
DlaTVmochcfK1y9rh62HTw	I agree with the observations of others, this is a great place to go to avoid the crazy mall and downtown, poseur-heavy scenes.Went there for lunch two Sundays in a row! My favorite has to have been a lunch combo of a half of an egg salad sandwich with a moderately-sized bowl of shitake soup. Delicious, and filling. Just about everything's organic and is high cuisine takes on traditional dishes like a buffalo meatloaf sandwich and a risotto sweet cream torte.Yum!P.s. Oh, and apparently they cater!P.p.s. I really have had good luck with art gallery restaurants--the cuisine at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston and the National Gallery in DC is quite good, definitely a large step up from burgers and hotdogs.
93XxSBeYPQ-S9QuNQIxmUA	This Coupa is much, much better than the Y2E2 incarnation. Their lunch specials, especially the carnitas sandwich, are better and less expensive than the food at other Coupa locations. Really, the carnitas sandwich is that good. The coffee is okay, the hot chocolate is delicious (but expensive), and the pastries are a mixed bag. The line is much more pleasant than the cramped Y2E2 line, and online ordering is fast. On the downside, seating, especially during the academic year, is nearly impossible, and it can get hectic at lunchtime unless you order online. The staff is cordial enough.Have I mentioned that carnitas sandwich?
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	Do NOT do what I did and wait a year before seeking this place out!There are no excuses.  It is easy to find, right on Santa Teresa in front of the Humanities Center.  It's inexpensive-- my very hearty lunch was about $8, my fiance's was $6.50.  There are tons of options, including really healthy vegetarian stir fries and brown rice... as well as plenty of tasty indulgences like egg rolls and fried chicken dishes. My favorite dishes were the eggplant (with a touch of sriracha, of course) and the green curry  with tofu (but with no sriracha).  Be warned, the green curry is a ninja barrage of flaming spice in your mouth and throat... so much so that I turned to my labmate while eating it and proclaimed that "the Thai people are trying to kill me!"But don't let that stop you. It really is crazy good.You have got to like either Chinese, Thai, or Indian food, or I doubt your qualifications as a real human person.  This truck has got all three, making it easily the best lunch option I've found on campus by a long shot.
js--iAkMV68RC-eQmKD7fw	Boring, very few new things on the menu, and way overpriced.  So many better places to eat at on campus.  This is my least favorite.
KAfAGThWVWC_shOevTj2Wg	I'm going to be corny and give Stanford  5 stars, but only because Cardinal red happens to be *their* thing, right? My relationship with Stanford's complicated, even though it began simply enough: I was born here, and I suppose that's when the idea that it'd be great to study here got planted. Growing up, it didn't seem like it'd be that hard to accomplish, because logically I had a plan: excel academically + my unique brand of awesomeness = WINNING (A.K.A.: I get some kind of acceptance letter). I mean, yeah, sure, it's an elite school, and everyone and their mom is dying trying to get in here, or Harvard or one of the other ivies (seriously, haven't you seen the reports on how kids elsewhere are trying to buy their way in to places?). Granted, I wasn't ever on the "right" track, since I didn't get on the "go to right pre-school to go to the right kindergarten to go to the right elementary school to go to the right middle school to go to the right high school to have the right life" but I was foolhardy and young enough to believe that it's not how much money you throw at a person but what they do with it that counts. I did what I could, and believed that I could. After all, anyone can become amazing, it's not a quality that one is granted at birth. Why would anyone who's got ivy league potential want Stanford? Partially, it's because I grew up here, and my family's got roots here. Granted, they're not akin to those of the Silicon Valley giants that keep the Peninsula awash in cash, despite any dot com crashes (and the gold rush boom and bust before that) but my people have worked the land, and I feel an affinity for it. It's a strange love, a hunger for a fruit that one sees daily but isn't allowed to be satiated because it's in your neighbor's garden. For those of us with morals, stealing from your neighbor is not an option. Anyways, enough of an aside. I got close, I was wait-listed. In relationship lingo, that's like being told "I like you, but I only wanna be friends with benefits"  which was rough. Most of the folks I meet, and some I knew from around here that got in, are pretty smart. Most are doing pretty cool stuff. Some stay, some go, it all depends on how strong their former roots to wherever they transplanted from pull for them to snap back. Anyone who does manage to get in is ridiculously lucky, in my humble opinion, even if they don't see it - maybe because it's tough to see brilliance in the night sky when illuminated by the shine of countless stars?Bottom Line: It's a pretty campus, which is easy to do in the Bay Area. It's kept true to its founder's goal of being a competitive campus on the West coast, which is a much more tricky beast.
CNdJaOdUjLIceVxhWcMNRA	Nice out-of-the way cafe option for meetings or laptop work in the Palo Alto area when the downtown cafes are packed with business-y jokers like me.Pro:- Clean, well lit and relatively spacious- Nicely air conditioned (or heated in winter)- Better-than-average food and drink options- Reasonable access to outletsCon:- Only Stanford WIFI, so BYO data plan unless you're a student- Jammed around the lunch hour- Paid parking for non staff/students
5gbkhlWANGVzQYi_0m3vOQ	I love Fraiche!This location is inside the student union (Tressider), adjacent to Peets and a boba shop. It is open on weekends (phew!), and complete with the usual blue bottle coffee and pastries. So jealous of all you Stanford students for the best student union EVAR!
o4evTwXLsvAJcWwuqY1huA	I know everybody loves this place but...It took them 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. Would have been fine as the place is busy but somehow, people who ordered right after each other got food 30 minutes apart.When they finally brought it out....hot sandwiches were cold...which means they had been sitting around. When we asked them to do something about it...they didn't give a shit because there are enough lemmings who think this place is great. They were assholes to use.I now boycott Ike's. Screw them.
71RVNcSPEs8rxyxQllMGeQ	I'm not gonna lie - this post office kind of sucks. Though it's always clean and it's easy to get to your PO Box once you're inside, the lines are always incredibly long (no matter what time of day you drop in) and the staff are reluctant to really help you with anything. Also, there's no parking super nearby, so you can't just swing by to pick something up or drop something off even if you get into the 10 minute loading zone in front of Tresidder, you'll still have to walk about 5 minutes over to the post office. That being said, props to USPS for having well labeled recycling bins all over the place. I just wish they wouldn't have replaced the stamp machines with recycling bins and mail drop slots....no way am I waiting in that line for stamps.
Vjk5FemZ5rwJuJ7Sznd3fA	I can't afford to play the course at Stanford, but I think I can handle the $6 for 50 balls at the driving range on the other side of Junipero Serra.  I've hit at a couple ranges in the south bay - shoreline, pali muni, pinhigh - and stanford has by far the best feel, tho it isn't anything super swanky.  But come on - I hope you don't play golf just for the elitism and plaid.  You play to be outdoors.  To hang out with friends.  To squeeze in 15 holes during the twilight special, just to get the extra bonus of seeing the sunset over rolling hills of emerald green.The stanford driving range is open until 9pm at night during the summer.  And for $6 - $9 if you're popeye and have arms of steel - you can simulate the calm of twilight golf.  Sure, you can't really see where your ball went as it gets darker (tho there are great stadium style lights at the range), but come on, leave that type A banker personality behind for an hour, and just feel the ball!  Soak in the twilight sun, stop and listen to the crickets chirp, feel the summer air on your skin.  It's good for you.
w1hbc2RJychGWMWg493DXw	thai cafe was my haven from bad dorm food
lhtScJ_Z2Oh3518hCt-_Zw	Good coffee, pastries and full menu. I had the Turkey Panini and it was very good. Coffee is a little pricey, but it was good, so it was worth it!
VnpVYQ0_NqiZfTaqrVJv6g	I haven't seen such super friendly service in a long time!  We rented two bikes for a weekend at the Campus Shop and the guy that helped us (I wish I could remember his name) was so friendly and helpful.  Everybody we talked to there just seems to have a really sunny and positive personality.  He helped us pick out the bikes and adjusted them for us.  We got one basic and one advanced bike, as well as helmets.  He even helped me get them out of my car when I was dropping them off and was in a hurry.  The basic bike was $35 for a weekend rental and $85 for the advanced one.  Since you have to park on Stanford campus, the parking is paid except for Saturday and Sunday.  During the weekend it can be hard to get a spot.  Also make sure to put the address in as Stanford and not Palo Alto if you're using the GPS.
K2zplTgI-vNzB7ndXG-y0w	The best of the BEST!Stick with the Vegan Tom Brady on sourdough, it's da Bomb! The bread's toasted and the sandwich is so stuffed. The only drawback of Ike's is the wait. Order to go, at least thrity minutes in advance. Also the location is a tough find (10 minute walk on Via Ortega), but the it's worth the walk.
TL-4D7-93_Us6LTh5jtxCA	This is a great place to take your mom on a sunny afternoon at Stanford.  I found their shitake mushroom burger to be pretty delightful.  It's pretty pricy, but Cool Cafe does their best to communicate to you that you're paying for some pretty premium ingredients.  After lunch, it's great to take a little walk around the Cantor and see what's new.
pXzlKFMlQ6ILLrvM2y8qWQ	The Peanut Sauce shrimp salad is just amazing. I have graduated for more than 5 years, and I still come here for lunch a couple of times a year. The line can be a bit long around 12, 12:30, but it moves pretty fast.I am not a Thai food fan, nor an expert, but whatever this salad is, it still brings me back after all these years!
__dUOXQ2Pa149eLgsL-tHA	Last night I was fortunate enough to be taken to the Stanford Jazz Festival where we heard the AMAZING Taylor Eigsti (jazz pianist extraordinaire and Menlo Park native).  My friend sees him annually when he comes to town to perform as well as teach at the Stanford Jazz Workshop (where he was once a student).In addition to Eigsti, the sextet was comprised of the following incredible and independently successful musicians:Gretchen Parlato, vocalsBecca Stevens, vocalsGerald Clayton, keyboards and pianoHarish Raghavan, bassAaron McLendon, drums(Julian Lage, guitar - guest performer)Though this group has not played together long, their beautiful music melded together in ways that gave me chills.  Each was handpicked by Eigsti as they make up a collection of his favorite musicians; how cool is that?  Taylor is adorable, humble, gracious, and always deferring to his peers.  Honestly, he has more talent in his hands than 99.9% of us will ever see manifested collectively in our lifetime.  Also, he is 85% deaf in one ear.  Unbelievable!!  He is so talented and I've downloaded much of his Grammy nominated material onto my mp3.I want to mention that Dinkelspiel Auditorium was a great venue for this show! Incredibly comfortable seating and the volunteers were very gracious.  I look forward to going back for more great jazz.
xLldDRZe1DCTY-05-OIauA	i love this place!i used to come here every morning for a warm morning refreshment (hot chocolate, latte's, etc) and a yummy pastry!!!the ladies who work here are awesome too!  they blast latin music and kinda wiggle their booties and sing along!  how cute is that?  i love that, it makes me want to dance too...err, or at least puts me in a good mood.  =)oh yes, and i agree the mint mocha freeze is good!
YTSNZab3JhT5ceEOTe1rKg	Yum, lines are long, service is very friendly, food is super
eh01IsSbe8_vUw7oF4SvyQ	This place is really convenient, as its the only place in that part of graduate housing to get food.Cheap beer during happy hour ($8 a pitcher) and food that's hit-or-miss. The rice in most of their Asian dishes is excessively soggy but the California Club is delicious. I honestly end up coming here more than I'd like but it's still an ok option.
MJi8cYsq4NC2qYx48R1XRw	Flavorful, strong, and inexpensive coffee. The panini and pre-made sandwiches are quite good, too (I can vouch for the black forest ham and cheese baguette and the salmon panini). At $5, the half-panini and soup combo is a delicious bargain. Service is generally speedy, but they can take a while to prepare the hot food.
3G2ZSgYnFA08zaj2-4FpgQ	This place is a hit & miss. At busy hours, the line will move along very slowly (with only 2 people working at the cashier), and the food are also slow to come out. My friend ordered a soup and shakes, and had to wait an hour, when I got my full meal in 20 minutes. When asked, they said "it wasn't a main order, so it didn't show up." Pathetic.The burger is just mediocre - bland, and one lettuce and one tomato on top of stale meat. Ewh.The fries were pretty delicious though. I loved the salty taste of the pepper-sprinkled seasoning.The soup was also pretty good.Prices are high, but it's in-campus, so can't do anything about it.
2Sglga1mooQwZDjlwXZQLQ	As far as a place to get food on campus, this is by far the best place.  How their make their sugar free Orca Spice Chai so tasty is one of those amazing mysteries in life.  Highly recommend their garden salad with all kinds of fresh vegetables, goat cheese, and honey vinaigrette.  Their rosemary chicken crepe is also delicious.  Their sweet crepes tend to be a bit too sweet for my tastes (lots of nutella) but still a wonderful breakfast or afternoon snack.  Overall I'm glad that this place is about a 10 minute walk from my building or else my waistline and wallet will definitely suffer.
f8K7Sb35IvoklXpkbtsgew	Best staff, good variety, dollar coffee, yummy pastries, huge salads, snazzy tunes. My favorite place on campus!!! Thank you Bytes!$5 min for credit card, but they're crazy nice about it if you're close or forgot.Here are the best coffee friends in their pastry cabinet:Pumpkin bread, magic bar, carmelita bar, double chocolate cookie, maple scone.
lI-hR8ftiw88t8lLqvsaXQ	Average...very average.  I usually get the (cold and wrapped) Cubano panini.  Only problem with calling it a panini is that they don't actually grill it - isn't that what a panini IS?  So I eat it cold anyway.  The bread is very tough...I sometimes have to gnaw on it like a dog gnawing on a Kong toy.  Of course, this could all be fixed if THEY GRILLED IT.  (can you tell I'm bitter about that?).  I will give them props, however, on the dressing they put on it.  It's not spicy mustard, which, quite frankly makes it NOT a Cubano.  But it's some sort of chipotle mayo that is awesome.  So we've answered two things about the Cubano Panini...it's neither a Cubano, nor a Panini.  Change the name to "Chipotle Ham and Swiss" and I think I'll accept it more.  Come to think of it, I'm not even sure it has Swiss on it.  Man...I'm starting to not like this place more and more.I've tried their weekly/daily hot portions and they are ok...nothing to get excited about.  Warm (not hot) BBQ ribs that are sitting under a heat lamp all day.  Warm (not hot) tri tip, also in said heat lamp.  The salads are good, but come on, how can you screw up a salad?They are trying to be fancy option for Stanford employees/Alumni.  Instead, they should stick to the basics and become an actual deli.  I think people would appreciate that more than their attempt at 4-star dining.  Go to Cool Cafe at the Cantor Art Center if you want to step it up a couple notches.
WBT-WTkX6mJOiMNb36LO0A	I got a roast beef sandwich and a bottled drink. I had to reorganize the sandwich because all of the contents were carelessly clumped on one end. The sourdough french bread was not very good. The roast beef came out of a package but tasted alright. The vegetables were decent. The price is reasonable and the location good. The sandwich making lady gave my sandwich to the wrong person. The wrong person walked out and had to be hailed by the person making her sandwich. The line gets extremely long shortly after noon so plan on waiting for ten minutes.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	Subway is Subway, and I love them.  But we all know what Subway is and isn't, so that aside, this Subway is a bit below average.   That said, it is tied for the best restaurant in Tresidder (with Panda Express).  I really wish it was open later - I'd come for dinner, but it closes at 7pm.  The biggest issue with this Subway is the line - it is always crazy long.  Just today I went at 2pm on a weekend and the line was 20 minutes.  I never go during the week as the line is just too long - I'd always miss class.  They need to hire another employee or train the current employees to work more efficiently.That said, Subway is the only healthy third-party option on campus, so it is crucial that it says open.  There's really no other choice for a healthy lunch outside of the dining halls.
mi6raRWQboj29_hGUo01jg	Maybe their website is from the 90's, but it does everything I need. Say no to corporate banks!!!
02T2bOjxwZpAxRhqSI1Z2w	Nexus is WAY better than any of the capus food options I had in college, but it's still just food-court-quality fare.  I had a pretty good lobster burrito, stale tortilla chips, and a cold frothy glass of draught beer.  The total came to $21, which seems rather expensive...but there's a captive audience, so I guess they can charge whatever they want.  If I went to school here full-time, I'd probably go to Nexus more often than I should.  (Hey, the beer was good.)
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	Gorgeous space, lots of choices, and good food.  Yes, you pay for what you get, but I am often willing to pay an extra dollar or three for quality.  I had a canteloupe agua fresca (!), and an excellent salad-- duck, pickled shallots, green beans, and a few other things with some fresh and excellent greens.  If they were just a little closer to the law school, this would become a mainstay.
tIRh_AmxJhUgzoHUBMPnlA	This review is only for Maples Pavilion.Mr, an Alum @ Stanford took me to see a Sunday basketball game. I was excited, I love sports: Football (NFL & College - Go LSU!), Basketball (Lakers) & Hockey (Detroit).  I don't know why but everytime Mr & I would attend a basketball game, we are approached to participate in some marketing game. My answer is always no, thank you, I'm just here to watch the game.We found out later that Maples Pavilion is a dry stadium, bummer. My SJSU at least served beer. The staff were great though, however the concessions stand are being manned by high school kids. It's bad enough that there's no alcohol (I'm a social alky), they butchered my caramel machiatto. Try drinking coffee with garlic fries. :(Oh well, at least Stanford won the game. And yeah, I made up my own chant, Go Red (Cardinal) trees! w/c by the way Mr is giving me a weird look. I know I'm being silly! ^_^PS:Visit Cantor Arts Center - Free Admissions
lhtScJ_Z2Oh3518hCt-_Zw	My favorite coffee place on campus, and if this place was near my house it would be my favorite there! I love the white mochas... This place totally beats many coffee places out there.
eFEJQDvrtvOaENYak4Mf4g	The women's Bank of the West Classic has been held here in July  for a few years and I like the intimate atmosphere to watch the likes of  Sharapova, Stover, Hantuchova, compete.   We tailgated in the parking area under the Euchalyptus trees.  It was a little dusty, but you don't have to get stuck with the inflated concession prices.   The center hosts a  good tournament.  Next time, check it  out.
YtdTM3_u-vPaaMDcklIikA	I've been to the Stanford Faculty Club several times for various events (never having to pay).  The setting and decor definitely exudes "faculty club".  The plaques and pictures make it clear that this place has been around for a long time and has had many famous people walk through it.  The food there is decent.  From what I hear, it's very expensive per head.  The appetizers were good -- I enjoyed the samosas and the egg rolls.  The spinach salad was okay -- there was a lot of spinach and not much else, which made for a very boring salad.  The chicken entree was bland.  However, the chocolate lava cake was quite delicious.  The service is very professional, and it's a good place for official events if you have money to burn.  The setting makes you feel very academic and intellectual.
t4JFnlzfJFH_-1a8lWAbhg	Dr. Most is amazing.  I told him this and he said, "I'm humbled".  I have been through hell with prior surgeries and I can honestly say that Dr. Most made me all better.  His staff and facility are just as wonderful as he is.  I would recommend Dr. Most to anyone seeking a professional, caring, honest, top notch surgeon.
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	So it is dorm food, but it sure is better than the dorm food they had when I was in college.  Whether that's a consequence of ten years of escalation in university amenities, or a consequence of being located in California, I do not know.  The best things are the pho bar and the banh mi bar.  I like that they let you pile your own veggies onto the banh mi; I dislike that they don't let you pile your own veggies into the pho.  It's also all-you-can-eat, if that's something you're into.
sRNtryobqUsM_I_79bzUgA	Yes there's a line. Yes it's a greasy sandwich. Yes you pay $7+ for a half sandwich. Just accept and love.Got the much touted menage a trois, +jalapenos -onions. Perfection on dutch crunch. In fact after waiting half an hour (line+ordering+waiting) and despite ordering it to go, my friends and I had to stop mid-campus to at least try a bite. It smelled too good. And my god it was wonderful-- the mix of tastes, textures and sloppiness. My friend said "I'm going to eat this in my office... and shut the door." Pleasure needs privacy sometimes.Adding to the love: Ike personally delivered our sandwiches, and even complimented me on my order-- suggesting I add sriracha sauce next time for an extra kick. Friendly service!The half size is ideal and the green apple caramel lollipop is a perfect lunch-cap. Ike's, I'll be back. And adding sriracha, worry not.
OAt3BR0aQ8Yhrh6OlpATGA	If I could get my sandwich faster then I would give Ike's five stars. The service is what needs to improve in this place such as a faster system to get orders out . You can try calling ahead of time so you can get your hands into one of their delicious sandwiches as soon as possible. This place is super good though, I love the food so much but I know it's not healthy especially with that dirty sauce, oh but it's so goooooood! The day I have to leave Stanford is going to be a sad one since I'm sure I will  no longer have an Ike's close by. I always go for the Name of the Girl I'm Dating or the We're just friends on Dutch Crunch.
n2pcptllE-qv7J-9SXhzEw	Nexus is pretty good.  My officemates and I eat have lunch there almost every weekday.  The entrees can be really hit and miss.
5ljYDHW7pHufeDTZhxexTA	It took us forever to find this place.  Visitor parking is difficult to find on campus and Via Ortega was closed when we went through there (late August). Then it took us a while to realize that it was inside the engineering building; then we had to find the engineering building. But, we eventually made it.  And it was totally worth all that hassle because the sammiches were damn near amazing!I had a [name of the girl i'm dating] on their crunchy bread and, i swear, it was one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten.  Sure, it's smack in the middle of Standford campus and the line is always long, but who cares, this place is amazing. Don't miss out!
56Vd6f-R6ibUCxsV2sDc1A	The only sandwich I ever get from Ike's is the Menage a Trois.  Having been to Ike's in San Carlos, I thought I would give their new location at Stanford a shot.  Even though I arrived at 11, the wait was still about half an hour.  They recently increased the prices so that a half sandwich ends up costing around $8 with tax.  You get a bag of chips with your meal, but I'd rather just get the sandwich on its own.  Service is friendly, but somehow, the sandwich didn't taste as good as the ones I've had at Ike's in San Carlos.  I think it was because the bread wasn't toasted as much as I remembered.  The sandwich is also very messy to eat.  All sandwiches come with an insanely sweet caramel apple lollipop as well.  Overall, worth trying once if you have the time to wait in line.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	I work in Cubberley, right on top of the Cafe. My coworkers and I don't really come down here even though it is literally downstairs from us. The sandwhiches are ok, I get the Cubberley or the Stanford once in a while. They're not anything to write home about (or write on yelp about) but keeps the hunger pangs away when busy with work or studying. The chili that they serve weekly is pretty decent, only $1.50 per cup. Do not EVER buy salad here. I was starved and they had closed down the sandwhich area (closes at 2pm I believe) so there was nothing to eat so I settled for the salad. The salad is about as large as a side salad at Arby's or Wendy's and cost me around $6!!! =P not tasty.
gYk-_VrdgIJwjrBCCYPIKA	Ever thought about eating at the gates of hell? Here you can. The food is quite good, simple service (no waiting for the waiter, you order/pay, they bring the food), and great ambiance of the museum. I think the deserts are the best part of the meal.Top 5 lunch spot in my view for the southbay.
48LWi9T8RM4AnsSKFNwTSQ	The Thai Cafe definitely helps break up the monotony of the Hospital's food choices.  You can be assured a good bang for your buck and that whatever you order will most likely clear out your sinuses.  The area around the cafe is quite pleasant usually with college students discussing their plans for world domination.  The only drawback here is that they only except cash, and don't have that fact displayed anywhere.
Ysk7wZUNn3AEo-YLsZruLA	Quick review:+ Great food+ Love the way they change the soups and the main course daily.+ The tacos are really good and quite filling!+ The burgers are very good.+ The portions are generous.+ The staff is very friendly.- The salad bar is quite expensive.
cO-H8ilzxuUCpxM6cj_piw	For me, this was one of the biggest perks aboot moving here.  In my opinion, the course is phenomenal!  If you're a student or post-doc, than it's by far the best golf deal around...I don't even think the local farmer would let you hit balls in their cow-pasture for $25.  On the downside, the marshalls nag more than my 80 year-old sicilian grandmother.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	I came here again recently. I don't eat here too often because it's a bit of a walk for me from my work place. However after trying their vegetable curry I will try to make an exception to come here every Tuesday/Thursday. My usual is their chicken saute, which I have to say is too spicy for me. The spiciness really builds and it sucks that you can't ask for a milder one. So this time I decided to try the curry. I saw that there was butternut squash in it, which I am a sucker for. Mmmmm it was so good! Right amount of flavor and curry to rice ratio. Love it. I think this will be the dish that I order from here from now on. Although I still want to try their salads - they sound like the Thai version of Vietnamese bun. The line does seem intimidating, but it moves very quickly which is good.
8-lLoii2bEEB_IDJlryyDw	Location, location, location.  The food isn't too bad.  Some of the drinks can be good but the stiffest drink is soju.  The owner/manager/whatever seems like a swell enough fella and will talk to you, so it has a nice local business kind of feel.Edit:  No Fish and chips?  Nerfed!  -1 star
V-xRdiB4bT705AMxNhGSfQ	I work for a well-known hotel in Palo Alto, Ca. I call a lot of town cars and cabs for guests to and from the hotel. Working in hospitality has really opened my eyes on customer service. I used Yellow cab once and the gentleman who answered the phone had a rude tone with me, and to top it off, the cab that was supposed to be here around noon did not make it until about 1:30. Around 12:05 I had called and the dispatcher said the driver was on his way; at 12:20 I called again, and the driver was 'stuck'. The cab driver apologized, and I explained that this was not professional, and the guest had taken another cab about an hour before.
CWDp3zD07g8gtp9a2yEz0Q	Good basic food and 50 cents for coffee! I was wandering around campus on a walk up from Univ. Ave and found this gem of a cafe. Better prices for food and coffee than anywhere in Palo Alto or on campus.  The turkey panini with chipotle sauce is incredible! Dump the chains downtown, take a nice walk to Stanford, and this cafe is the reward. I come back every week now!
FIHv-S6cb76mLNWLKho88w	$8.00+ for a burger combo and no cheese?! C'mon son!
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	I just want a satisfying, tasty, salad for lunch.  Is that too much to ask?  Back in DC there were at least five separate options within a few blocks of my office.  This is the only plausible contender I have found so far, and it is worse than any of them.  (In California, no less!).  Do Stanford students not eat vegetables?  Do they think this is normal or acceptable?I approve of southwestern salads in principle, but there is something nauseatingly sweet about the dressing that comes with this one.  The cobb salad was better, but it managed to be all richness with almost no sharpness.  I see lots of people carrying their salads around, so I can only conclude that it's the best that can be done, but really?I've given it a second star only because I can't find anything better to eat.
cTHvB1avJo4JrrtBHID4Dw	Not a whole lot of options for a vegetarian. I like the place though because it's at Old Union.
sjOgPPFHYsCxVnhHZVcN0w	It is cool, nice hangout, decent drinks - but pricier than the value and the flavor is not quite rightI like going there since the place is "just nice" and "positive energy" - but - well..the staff need to be staffed in more appropriate treatment of the clients - Their Chai is legendary.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	I don't care for this place for lunch, but it is a nice morning option.  Their drip coffee is decent, though their espresso beverages are nowhere near as good as Coupa's.  They do a nice breakfast burrito, and their pastries are good.  It is a great place to grab a lemonade or iced tea during warmer season, and they will happily mix the two together for you into a glass of deliciousness.  I wish their hours were better (later, weekends, summer...)The line gets very long during lunch time, and I've found I don't care for their lunch options that much.  It tends to be a bit pricey, and often more than I can eat.  Other pluses:1) Super friendly staff2) Big cooler of beverages, so a good place to grab a soda or energy drink without going to Tressider (or having cash)3) Hot sauce selection.  Good on breakfast burritos, but I bet that the Electrical Engineering students mostly just pour it in their eyes to stay awake until they are done with their degree....
dVk4T-kgBjC1V00RpEcPcQ	Best place for a (cheap) date!  - FREE art museum!  - FREE outdoor art - sexy Rodin sculpture at that!  Have your date model next to them (and try not to compare size or anything).  - On the Stanford campus, so you can seem all intellectual and stuff. - Tasty (but unforturnately not free) organic dining at Cool Cafe (Jesse Cool, the chef behind JZ Cool and Flea Street Cafe in Menlo Park).  I'm partial to their lemonade and the salads, but the sandwiches are great too.  - Gorgeous sunny patio to sit on while looking dreamily into each others eyes.  There's something just so casual yet civilized about this place.  Really, does it get any better!?!?  Oh, yeah ... having a new love to take there.  :)  Perhaps I'll take the oldie but goodie next time.
56Vd6f-R6ibUCxsV2sDc1A	Overall, the food is very overpriced, probably because it's a bit of a tourist trap being right next to the art museum.  The food was better than I expected, considering that it is a tourist trap.  I had the burger and had bread pudding for dessert.  The bread pudding was really delicious, and I generally don't even go for desserts.  The burger was very juicy and came with brussels sprouts on the side, which were a bit greasy but full of flavor.  Service was a bit slow.
RIGOL8DnNLz-7prhDdP-EA	I am giving this post office a 4 star review, which is VERY rare for post offices.  Who likes going to the post office anyways???  I like this location better than any of the other ones I have gone off campus.This post office is located inside of Stanford campus, next to the campus BOOKSTORE.  There is usually always 2 people at their stations, more if it gets really busy.If you come during lunch hours of course its going to be busy, DUH.  If you come during the last week of the semester when kids are trying to mail everything home, its going to be busy.  I've found them to be pretty empty during the first 2 hours they open.STAFF: I see them smile more than other post offices hahah.  Like all post offices though, they probably are tired of people not knowing the correct procedures of mailing various items.PICK UP: If you are just coming here to pick up a package, go straight to the doorbell and blue door to the right of the room.PO BOXES: YesPRIORITY PREPAID BOXES: YesThey also carry mailing accessories and various occasion greeting cards.
Ba-yjASkHCi39KyaFfvt8A	A very pleasant place to stop for lunch on a warm sunny afternoon.  I was there at the end of October and the buildings, sun and sandwiches were perfect.Worth a detour if you're in the mood to tour the Stanford campus.
hQGDGOWk26jjIeQ-mAD7Xw	Great place to grab a bite to eat or a drink between classes. Their chai lattes are especially good, and they have three different flavors of chai to choose from. The selection of baked goods and snacks is pretty extensive, and the fruit and yogurt parfaits are a great deal compared to Starbucks and other coffee shops (they're huge!). I'm only giving Coupa 3 stars not because of the food quality or atmosphere, but because of the customer service. Very rarely has a Coupa barista greeted me or said "thank you" or "you're welcome." It's as if they know that being on Stanford's campus generates automatic business, so they don't have to bother with treating customers well. They are probably right, since the place always has a long queue and jam-packed seating area.
DCqHjKyvX-3-kCjzYxBBig	Andy was our bartender and was very pleasant and professional.  He was a genuinely nice guy, and offered to help us out when he had finished setting up the bar.  Our guests liked him and the drinks were great.  So glad to find this company.  An outstanding customer experience!
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	This is Stanford's Crown Jewel of Tennis Centers. With three main stadium courts and 4 outside courts, it has it all. Everything is so nice and clean too, painted all green with no advertisements to clutter up the works.They also play a professional women's tournament here during the summer and while it used to be much bigger in the past than it is now, it's still fun to come and see the pros play.Where is it you ask? It's off El Camino Real off  the Galvez exit down to the track. Park at the track lot if it is not during a time you will be getting a ticket. On your way, stop by the track house. Great prices and great selection inside.Or you can just pick up your racquet and play anytime the team is not playing and that is 99% of the time. Go, play, get in shape.
FAArGkbd6l3t73uR-jfw_Q	This place is OKAY for the $, but the flavors tend to be either too tangy or too bland. A lot more coconut milk/cream in the sauces would have been good. The curry I ordered also had soggy chopped onions in it -- gross, but I guess you can't expect them to cut the onions finer or sub shallots for $5. The salad I had wasn't bad at all, but it's not the biggest portion. Don't get anything with shrimp here -- they are miserably stale and rubbery.Overall I prefer Treehouse or the CCSR sandwich place for lunch.
lT6e_jRDzuq32vCQHc-I-A	First and foremost, Coupa has a monopoly on good service and quality food.  This is a place where the staff know your name and will shoot the breeze with you.  The service would be good in a city; however, given how terrible service is everywhere else on the Stanford campus, Coupa becomes a relative mecca of awesomeness.The drinks are probably the best thing to get.  I remember loving how they put real chocolates at the bottom of my mochas.  However, I think they recently changed the way they make the mochas.  They have tasted this past month less rich than before.  If it were not for this, I'd have given a 4-star review.The crepes are another highlight and you cannot go wrong with the pastries.  The best pastry I've gotten is the apple cranberry tart.  It is the most filling, delicious pastry I've had there.  It unfortunately is an outrageous $6, so I get it once every month and a half.  Lower your prices Coupa!  Or offer an undergraduate discount of some sort.So overall, pros are quality food, excellent drinks, and good service.  Cons: wicked expensive prices, could have better hours, and the selection isn't as good as the coupa downtown.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	This place is good because the location is very close to my work and the options are very straight forward. Even though I miss the yummy crepe smell from before they renovated, I like the way they redecorated and streamlined the menu. Plus they're open until 2 am.Prices are pretty high for burgers when you have to add fries and drink. However, you can get a big container of chili ($2.50) and fries ($2.50) and be full. They also have a large selection of to-go items (sandwiches, sushi, etc) in the refrigerated cases if you don't have time to wait.
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Jimmy V's....Sports Café indeed!Soccer, football and much moreWhile enjoying lunchSmoothies top Jamba'sThe all-fruit ArrillagaIs my go-to pick!Sandwiches aboundBurgers, Tuna Melts, ReubensYour choice of bread / cheeseWhere else can you getP B & J for adults?!No complaints from me!Hot options are goodSalad bar is expanding?!Solid burritos!Mostly pleasant staffFast-paced food service for allSome smile at you too!A quick jaunt from workA break from campus concernsStanford's very own!
dU1rhDcqbfqy6qyQKiba2A	I came here for lunch a couple months ago with a friend on a weekday. Boy did I underestimate the wait! It was so incredibly packed to the point that it was actually faster to call and place our order over the phone than wait in line. We both got the Menage a Trois based on another friend's recommendation. YUM! The dirty sauce is especially delicious. My only gripe about the sandwich is that the sauce makes the bread soggy, so eat quickly! I will be back to try the other sandwiches.-L.
H2At_di8_I0Bf0LqR5UE4A	The Hoover Tower is named after President Herbert Hoover and maybe that's a sign of trouble ahead. After all, he was defeated in a landslide after one term as president. But alas, the Hoover Tower is an absolute must if you are visiting the bay area. Make sure to go on a nice day and the view is fabulous. It is a perfect place to go on a date or even to go by yourself if you are in a mood just to chill for a while.   The last time I was there, a first year Stanford student who was a guide and I got into a trivia contest about famous Stanford students. We both knew Tiger Woods and John McEnroe and John Elway. There were some other famous names that I did not recognize so I guess I lost the contest.   There is also an exhibit about Herbert Hoover  that is quite interesting but it fortunately does not focus on his reelection bid.  All in all, a great place to visit.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	You'd think that for a restaurant on the Stanford golf course, this place would be swanky. Not really. It feel like an old run down small town diner. The walls were quite bare and the furnishings quite old. I was disappointed by the ambience of this place. However, the service is impeccable. Our waitress catered to our every need and was very quick. I ordered a salmon burger which was decent. I loved the fries. If you're on the course and you don't want to leave just to get lunch, this eating here wouldn't be completely bad.
7mn6MV9IUwO9U37D5S4gbA	An incredible institution. Second only to Oxford University.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	Coho is my go-to coffee shop while I'm at work. I go at least once a week at various times of the day for my coffee, a sweet bread or lunch. It's right in the center of campus and it has open hours from the early morning to late night. They carry fair trade and organic coffee and have a huge variety of sandwiches, soups, salads and pastries. It has a casual vibe, with coffee couches and plenty of seating. All sorts of people frequent this place. I had a chicken salad sandwich today that was on point - chunky chicken in a flavorful mayo mix with lettuce, tomato and avocado on an artisan roll. It was big for a "half-sandwich" and at $3.50 it was a deal - I was very full after eating it. Their pastries are made in house and probably very bad for me but they're yummy!I also use Coho to cater at various events for my office and they're reliable, well priced and have good presentation.The only bad thing is the amount of time you wait either waiting in line for the cash register or for your food to be ready. And your clothes will smell of coffeehouse when you leave.
esmmatPzOGnYIuj-2zZrsQ	I love this school! I love all the classes I have taken. I love the places to walk and the bike riding but I do wish nighttime biekrs would slow down around the pedestrian crosswalks.
6iaunnYnVj3HrCx92YdaFA	I can deal with rude service if the product is good, but the yogurt here just isn't worth it.  I've been here twice; the first time I had the pomegranate which was icy and not creamy so not good.  The second time I had the natural, which I thought was better than the pomegranate, but almost $1 extra for a few measly pieces of strawberry?  The freshly baked chocolate chip cookie was pretty good, but with the rude server who practically slammed my yogurt down on the counter, I'll be going anywhere but here to get my sweet tooth fix.
Os7JboTDl2BniFTglNEd0A	Now that I have my first fan I feel compelled to review something else, so here goes.The coffee is decent, plus I get a free bag once in a while for going a lot.  It can be a bit strong at times though, which is probably the way hyperoverstimulated Stanford grads prefer it.The service could use some improvement, when it's busy, they're pretty responsive and the service is fast considering how small the place is, but when no one is waiting in line, it can take a minute for someone to stop what they're doing and take an order.The food is pretty good, five stars for taste, but never forget, order it to go, even if you're staying, especially the salads.  This is a classic social experiment.  If you get it for "here", they fill the plate with food, if you get it to go, they fill the to go container with food.  The lesson is that the to go container is twice as large as the "here" plate, get it to go.My two major beefs are:1.  The guy who usually makes espresso drinks (the one at the register in the photo) is still an amateur on his best days, his drinks are fine, but it's usually not what I ordered, and I always order the same thing because I am a boring engineer.  That being said, he sometimes even forgets to prepare the drink altogether, which is especially annoying when he's the one who takes the order in the first place, this is not rocket science!  Take order, make drink, good review.  He is often seen looking around (ref. photo again), probably scoping for a future Stanford sugar mama, which he is far more likely to land if he can prepare the correct drink for her in the first place.2.  The price.  If you order to go, the price/food ratio is acceptable in most circumstances, however, it is still overpriced.  You can easily spend $15 for a crepe and latte here if you're not paying attention.Recommendation: good for location & convenience, but unless your looking for authentic Venezuelan food, go to Nexus or Bytes.
ZBBlQj92l65SyjC6YzEH_g	Can't beat it for convenience--it's the absolutely closest place to buy food from where I work.  The staff is friendly, but the food is unexciting.  Best feature: fried bacon in the morning, or possibly the nice courtyard with tables just outside.  Most disappointing: some sandwiches from the sandwich bar are pre-made and get soggy.
5XCF0w07AheMcPLru0XRSw	I love Stanford, for a while it was my second home! Everyone is really nice and friendly. The people I had to encounter while I was here remembered me by name and face. I am so glad that I had my treatments done here and I did not choose another place.  Everyone here is always happy  to help, if you are getting chemo treatments get to know the nurses really well, when your getting your labs done make sure you know how many vials of blood needs to be taken.  It's kind of sad but I miss going, but I am glad to be done(no more treatments).
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	Stanford Grill is kind of a hidden jewel on Palo Alto. So SHHH!, don't tell anybody ...The food is really good, not cheap but good, with big portions and it has a beautiful view of the putting green and first tee of the Stanford golf course. When I used to play golf, we used to play here a lot and also eat here from time to time. My favorites are the beef tacos and the fresh ground beef hamburgers 'cause they come with a mountain of hot, just oil-boiled, french fries. A real stomach-filler.Plus, they have a TV going all of the time on the Golf Channel or some other sporting event for background noise and pictures of past and present Stanford golfers, like someone named Tiger Woods. Pretty cool!So if you are ever in the area, drive up the short hill, park your car and check this place out. It's a winner.That's it for my short, but sweet review as my right index finger has little electric shocks going through it as I type. Not good ...
lhtScJ_Z2Oh3518hCt-_Zw	One of my favorite places to eat at Stanford. The salad bar has a very good selection and is very fresh and tasty!I also like the fact how all the utensils, cups, bowls, etc are all compostable and biodegradable
OJK6V3Ewlrhq04TVwZwohQ	Love this library. With a visitor's pass you can visit this place up to 7 times a year. After that, you have the option of paying 5 dollars per visit, 30 per month, 80 for 3 months or 200 or a year for non-alumni. For Alums, there is a cheaper pricing structure. 1) The Green Wing has so many places where a person can study. By the windows, open tables, little individual cubbies; it's such a wonderful place. 4 floors to choose from.2) The Bing Wing has two large study rooms. The bottom floor more modern looking with nice lighted study tables, and the upstairs more old-fashioned looking, not as well-lighted. Nevertheless, it's a nice feeling when you get studying at either.3) The Stacks also have little places to study at, but it's too cramped in there, so I never bothered to study there.There are also other study places in building which I have not mentioned.Outside the library is Coupa Cafe, where you can grab a latte, coffee, or a bite to eat if you're hungry.If you're looking for a nice place to get your study on, I would suggest coming here.Staff is always friendly.Important notes if you're a visitor:1. Parking is free on the weekends.On the weekdays, parking is only free at 4pm. 2. You can't bring food or drinks into the library. (I think this rule sucks).3. Computer terminals are available for your use.4. When leaving the library, the staff will need to check your backpack, bag or whatever you have that might allow you to steal books.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	It's only OK to me. The food has never been that impressive. The salad bar is barely worth the money but if you are waiting for a baseball game or basketball game to start and the cafe isn't being held for a private party, it's alright for a quick meal.But I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for food. However, I will try to eat one of those cheap burritos if I go back. Don't haven't any opinions on the owner, good or bad, but I'm sure he focuses on  the students and coaches over anyone or anything else because that is where his money is and if they don't like him, he's gone. This is Stanford property, not a public location after all.Where is it? Right next to Maples Pavillon. You will miss it if you blink. We must have been blinking for years because we missed it a lot.
tfg1Nhwx94Y4GdQHLVawbw	Wanted to use my dinner at a place close that wasn't Mexican and other than Safeway. Believe me, those 2 screens literally leaves a handful of choices including Coho. I don't expect fantastic food from campus eateries so I didn't expect much but this place is not bad. Although the menu selection is limited, they have pretty good sandwiches that come with great sweet potato fries. A lot of students come for a coffee and a place to study so the food seems like an added bonus.
Iqfc_JtaStZwPG66WsBkLg	I'm a Psych major at Stanford, so I rarely make it over to the tech side where Bytes is located, but after I had lunch there, I found excuses to eat there every day.  Their salads are wonderful.  They are fast, and their staff is respectful and friendly.
urg4WkUTxeE_6n4SvJ8Zxg	I'm IN LOVE with the 50 cent coffee. I dumped in a BUNCH of chocolate powder with it. mmm... Their sandwich thing was LONG and only 4.50. very filling. Don't go to CoHo. Come here!
CQCh95OCKPgI3u0q9ijTOQ	In January of 2001, I was a poor grad student trying to figure out an inexpensive place near Gilbert to grab a quick bite during lunch.  Someone in the lab I was rotating in suggested that I try out Thai Cafe downstairs in Jordan Hall and I was immediately hooked.  Back then, it was $4.25, and prices have slowly climbed up to the current $6 a dish.  But, the food has been consistently good.  In fact, even though I've left Stanford for more than 4 years now, I was very disappointed to find that they were renovating Jordan Hall and that Thai Cafe was shut down (temporarily).  When it re-opened, I actually went back for lunch and, of course, everything practically the same.The pork salad and peanut sauce have always been my favorites, as well as the pork soup.  Instead of filing past the checkstand on a cart, Thai Cafe now has a service window -- and the line moves just as quickly.  More interestingly, the proprietor has mellowed out over the last 10 years and even cracks a smile!  Unreal!
M663pS3uy22q4DbqI4ey9Q	I loved these sandwiches with their unique toppings and fun dressings, even putting up with inept service and long wait times.  But Ike's doesn't respect dietary requirements and people should know it.One of the many reasons I loved Ike's was the plethora of vegan options.  Ike's seemed to care and understand about the non-animal product lifestyle and it felt so nice to find a sandwich place like that.  It's hard to find.  Then, after eating it many times and despite it being listed on the menu and website as vegan, the manager informs me that the vegan chicken nugget has egg.  I express much disappointment and dismay and he nonchalantly said "yeah, the menu and website should be updated".  And that was it.  I won't get into how disrespectful and offensive this attitude is, and I'm sure non-vegans would agree that is no way to treat customers.  Be careful what you order at Ike's.  They aren't honest about what they serve and they don't care who it hurts.
Fd8Heu1mZEra7bCX3Xb3-Q	*This review is for the food and dining facilities.*The cafeteria is in the basement and looks well-stocked. However, even though it was cool outside, the inside was stifling. Circulation left something to be desired.  I will say it infuriated me to find out that you can't get whole milk in a latte at the cafe on campus. Why, do you ask? Because apparently Stanford doesn't serve whole milk to its students. I was given the choice of 2% or nonfat. Did you know that all milk that's not whole milk has milk powder added for consistency and flavor? Ick.
7V8ho5mR4iAsV8bV4KUUog	During our tour of Stanford University's campus we stopped for lunch at Ike's Place. Ike's is a San Francisco Bay area sandwich shop. Our tour guide pointed out that the Stanford location is a very popular spot and it often has a line out the door when classes are in session. Fortunately for us classes were not in session, so there was no line to order. We were pleasantly greeted by one of the cashiers, who seemed more interested in having a conversation than taking our lunch order. According to their story, "When you come to Ike's Place it is our goal to make you feel like the unique individual that you are." That mission was definitely accomplished.After our conversation with the cashier along with a long look through the lengthy menu, I finally decided on the Spiffy Tiffy sandwich with halal chicken, mushrooms, avocado, pesto, provolone, and pepper jack ($6.96 for half, $9.99 for whole). In addition all sandwiches come served with Ike's Dirty Secret Sauce, lettuce, and tomato. Mustard, jalapeno, red onions, pickles, and banana peppers are also available free of charge. You also have a choice of French, Dutch crunch, sourdough, wheat, or gluten-free. I went with sourdough.The sandwiches are all served toasted and are stuffed full of ingredients. I decided to get the full sandwich, but normally half would have been plenty for lunch. The flavor was excellent and all ingredients were fresh. The addition of pesto to the sandwich added a nice flavor throughout and I liked the secret sauce. I also had a bite of my wife's Menage A Trois sandwich which comes with halal chicken, real honey, honey mustard, BBQ, pepper jack, swiss, and cheddar. This is listed as one of the most popular sandwiches, and I can see why. The flavor combination was outstanding!If I a student at Stanford Ike's would definitely be on my weekly lunch rotation. I would absolutely visit again on a future visit to the area.
ZtY9bMvYkUFoZjhHC5kshg	I am not a huge sandwich person, but the sandwich I got here was surprisingly good. I got the [name of girl i'm dating] sandwich. I wasn't sure if the halal chicken in this sandwich would be good since I've never had halal chicken before. I was also scared the chicken would be too dry, because I usually feel this is the case for sandwiches with chicken in it. BUT i was pleasantly surprised. It was moist and the sandwich tasted great! I also heart honey mustard so this may also be why I loved this sandwich. Got it with the dutch crunch.This place gets pretty packed around lunch time, so my friends and i ordered our sandwiches right when it opened at 10am and picked them up around 12. When we got there, the "order here" line was incredibly long and the "pick up here" line had no one! I suggest you order your sandwiches early. There is also an Ike's place mobile phone app that you can place your order on if you don't want to wait on the phone to place an order :)
1UUqEV63CB6hR8j_UNjfXQ	Stanford's Bartender is amazing!  From planning, shopping list, prep, event and clean-up - everything was top notch/outstanding!!  I can't say enough good things about Carlos and his operation!!  From the moment we spoke on the phone, I knew he was it - he knew his liquors and is not just a bartender but a true mixologist!!  His caiprinhas, mojitos and margaritas were the best I ever had - he introduced me to rum/margarita that will now be the standard here at our home =)  Not just great with drinks, but he's also good on gauging the crowd - it made for an energetic and fun party and all our guests loved him!!!  I highly recommend him!  Thanks Carlos, you are outstanding!!!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Beautiful campus. Horrible administration.
vZljzeao1gleetOhC9BvaA	Notorious lady with notorious boobs.  What else is there to say?  (Seriously, do a search under this listing for "boob" and you'll see multiple reviews, hah.)Oh yes, the Chicken Salad is delicious and a great deal.  And they are speedy!!! I think we waited in line for 2 minutes, paid for our meals and within a few seconds received them from the window.It was nice to walk around Stanford campus and sit in the quad to eat.  Definitely a place to go on a sunny day.  I will have to try the soup some other time.Cash only.
jTXj5uf5ER5siDnQK_y4aA	My best memories of college are in this arena, but its gotten even better. They recent renovation has eliminated the burnt popcorn smell, lowered the roof to make the small arena even more claustrophobic for opposing players, and added some class to the venerable home of the Cardinal. What better way to spend a Thursday or Saturday evening than watching the Stanford men's basketball team defend home court. The best basketball in the Bay Area takes place in Maples. The only thing I don't like about the arena is that I don't have season tickets and that some of the fans are really fair-weather.Oh yeah, and the women's basketball team plays here and they're pretty damn good too.
PjYaEnWRFB7uogiAeaXQQA	Burgers and sandwiches and smoothies.. how can you go wrong?!  I especially love the smoothies since they give you the leftover in that tin cup thing and the kind I like are made with ice cream.. yum!  Slightly a longer walk from main quad, but it's definitely a good place for lunch.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	During a lunchtime visit to the Sports Cafe today I overheard Jimmy V tell a patron that he hasn't raised his burrito prices in TEN years!  To put things in perspective here,  gas was $1.90 a gallon when Jimmy first began charging what he currently does for these fine delights that cause the Stanford community to line up in droves on Burrito day!  Jimmy V is a hero for the consumer!!!
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Campus Service / Valero Station (Stanford University)....Gas prices are highAt this on-campus locationPlease don't buy gas here!Exceptions? SometimesIf I'm on E and at workI still get gas here.Car repairs? DecentThey've done more work on my carThan any other place!For simple brake workTire replacements, they're fineThe price is okay.....The big draw for meConvenient locationThey're across the street!No shuttle neededNor rental or loaner carA quick walk to work!The staff are decentMostly friendly, courteousFew cold encounters!Snack shop is quite smallBut it still has served me wellLunch emergencies!
WDsr8RnPqbceR3s2yZYr3Q	Ah, Ray's.  I've been visiting you since, well, before you were Ray's.  And before you were the thing you were before that.  Indeed, this place is a Godsend for Rains and EV residents who might otherwise have to walk a good 20 minutes to the Nuthouse to get a social beer, or, more likely, drink themselves silly in the cold comfort of their WWII-era institutional housing while keeping the noise down to avoid disturbing the equally jam packed families across the EV yard.Anyway, they've got a decent variety of snack offerings and cheapish beers on tap.  The winners in each category are:- Snacks: the nachos with chicken (tastier than veggie or beef according to my crew)- Shocktop: wheat beer done right, and they always seem to have it here.  Nice.Oh!  And if they still have it: SoJu cocktails.  Yes they tend to run weak but they'll make it a double for you.  (If you haven't learned this method of surviving hard-liquor-less bars, grad school is as good a time as any.)
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Closed. Gone with the Human Genome Project...
aoyXE_oQWiW8LEKzlXYk9A	I tried this place out since I work on campus and am always looking for a new place to lunch.  The ambiance is nice, and the menu is very wholesome and sophisticated.  A good addition to the campus array of eateries.I had the rotisserie chicken, pasta shells, and fingerling potatoes.  The flavor of all three was quite good, and the potatoes were perfectly cooked.  However, there were some temperature issues (chicken and potatoes both cold.).  I paid the $5 "grand opening" special with drink, but think another dollar or two wouldn't have been unfair.My friend had pizza, which I tasted.  While I admit I am a pizza snob, it was undeniably bad.  Something about the sauce.  Kinda had a barbecue tinge to it.  Not good and overpriced.  Hope they do another round of edits on that one.A note on the eating area: the tables and booths in the back were a little cramped, but the double-sided windy bar is pretty cool, so I'll eat there in the future.  Also, once finished, I recommend  going across the way to grab some gelato:http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-market-at-munger-stanford
DliMNDnXpyOz4aBAKkty9Q	I fail to understand how this place has such a low rating. Make no mistake: Ike's is a Bay Area staple, whether we're talking about its location at Stanford or in San Francisco. Ike's has a vast variety of different sandwiches, so the chance that you'll find something up your alley is pretty high. My personal favorites are the Change (ribeye steak, onion rings, BBQ sauce) and the Menaage a Trois (honey, honey mustard, BBQ sauce, chicken breast which I usually sub for fried chicken for free, smoked gouda). The dirty sauce here is to die for.If you're concerned with the long lines, just don't come during conventional meal times. Coming around 11am or 4pm are pretty safe times in general.
ul8aYyhPmGIPjTHo7AINqQ	The sandwiches are awesome!It's true: You do have to jump through a lot of hoops to get a simple order... The line, occasionally incompetent staff, and unavoidable confusion are as much a part of Ike's as the delicious sandwiches.It helps to phone in your order 30 minutes before you want to pick it up. This method isn't always convenient, but sometimes the customer has to put in a little effort, too.
ImVfDOri1NG5UE5MEmqHJg	I wish this beautiful facility existed 10 years ago when I had my cancer treatment at stanford, but now that my dad is going through treatment, I'm glad it's here for him. The building is very pleasant, although the design feels awkward due to some parts being crammed in despite the overall size. The third floor sitting room is nice.The doctors are of course, tops. That's why you come here. The logistics and support are mixed, the wait times can be long. The staff is always nice though.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Since I work on the Stanford campus, this is an occasional option for me,  I believe you need to be a "member".  Not totally sure what that entails.  I keep getting invited along and not paying.  :)  Nice deal if you can get it.They have a very good wait staff.  Extremely personable, friendly, attentive.  The room itself is quite lovely...if a bit outdated from an interior design perspective.  However, tall ceilings, lots of windows (therefore lots of light) and big, round tables make for a nice group dining experience.What I've experienced there:- Stanford Breakfast Briefings:  it includes a breakfast buffet.  Decent enough food, nothing truly outstanding.  I'm a bit surprised that they cannot afford a better chef de cuisine, or perhaps, that they choose not to employ such a person.- Lunch (buffet on offer as well as a regular menu): They do a very nice salade nicoise.  They were really accommodating to my special requests and I appreciated it.  Today, me and my five other colleagues had a really lovely experience.  Good food, nice desserts.  Desserts on the menu today that our table shared:- Chocolate creme brulee- New york style cheesecake- Apple tartAll were really nice.  I'm not a huge sweets fan, but today's offerings were well done.Special Stanford Event Dinner: The evening's menu was set (no choice) but it was well thought out.  Filet mignon with a cabernet reduction sauce, potatoes gratinee.During the summers, they have a really lovely outdoor patio dining area with both shade and sun options.
i-DWCn1Xk5-exHi0mBDO1g	Typical overpriced college campus bookstore with books on the ground floor and clothing/computers on the second floor. There is also a built-in cafe with restrooms (second floor). Cute Hello Kitty and Snoopy apparel too, and a great kids selection amongst the sea of red.
IDVX4Is4CanREchBmpFXoA	As much as I despise Stanford, I have to give props to this state-of-the-art college baseball stadium, which was recently remodeled in 2000.  There is not a bad seat in the house and you are very close to the action.  Lots of amenities and improvements, especially for college baseball, which is not all that popular among the general population.  I grew up just miles from campus and saw numerous baseball games here.  Fact of business, before I understood the true error of my ways as a Stanford sports loyalist and went off to college at Cal, I attended many Cardinal football, baseball and basketball games.  I've corrected myself, but am still impressed with Stanford's athletic facilities, which are of the highest caliber.
Suw8tiW7EHWpt7HhuB7SDw	Redefining campus dining:Satiates and satisfies your vegetarian, vegan, macro and carnivorous souls.Dare I say a Smörgasbord? Chef stations flipping everything from chicken breasts and burgers to tacos, slices, noodle bowls oozing teriyaki tofu and the occasional chicken tikka.A salad bar, not of colorless lettuce, carrots and tomatoes, but spilling over with roasted beets, edamame, roasted corn, marinated mushrooms, insalata caprese... make your own pastrami sandwich, have a side of bison chili and cornbread.Menu changes daily but you'll probably keep coming back regardless.Nexus doesn't exactly cater to the "starving student" but there are plenty of "Got $6.00?" signs around, giving you wallet-friendly suggestions for under $6. [Soup will run you about $3, add $1.50 for corn bread. Daily specials run between $6 and $8 but will hit the spot and certainly fill the void in your stomach]and because no where is perfect...When the hungry rush surges in around noon, the chef-station lines all blend together, making one indistinguishable from the next, so just speak up, rather than waste time waiting in the wrong line. ...and be careful not to lose your lunch as you attempt to slip between the cafeteria-style tables which are just a touch too close together.
lbL1DzYeQFF13fL9kfyOUw	Good targets, good grass to track the spin and roll  off the bounce,  the sun is at your back in the afternoon, and never problems hitting into the wind that you often have at the other nearby ranges.  Unfortunately, they discriminate against us leftys by throwing us in the right end side of the tee mats.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Reasonable but not terribly exciting food, and very convenient to me while I take classes at the law school this summer.   You get a sandwich, chips, and a drink for $7.50 or a sandwich alone for slightly less than $6, so its fairly moderately priced for food on the Stanford campus.   As others have said, the seating area outside is nice, and the people who work here are very friendly.  I recommend the chicken and mozzarella sandwich.
x3XaLpVxACQzi4gi1J-Fnw	This place is awesome, really friendly people, beautiful campus, and I also love the Arrillaga gym/fitness center.  The only thing that sucks is parking...I need to take out a loan to help pay for my parking pass..
RIGOL8DnNLz-7prhDdP-EA	Not a particular fan, I came once for lunch with some friends at work and I wouldn't go back.I got a turkey sandwich and after you've been spoiled with Boar's head meats, nothing else compares.  The turkey had the artificial texture and had way too much sodium pumped into it....and the salad bar...I'm not sure I'd call it a salad bar, seemed more like a condiments bar to me.
LrW6pwYEnIDxFVAhMBl8JA	Edgar is the man! I had to get my door unlocked for what I thought was a mechanical issue. He took one look at my car key and suggested to me that it could be a duplicate key issue. He recommended that I try usin the original key to unlock it and it worked! Also I did a coolant check there as well. Very reasonable price. Got some extra advice from the man himself as well. If you have a car problem and you are near Stanford this is the place you have to go!
3xeUFtQUtqrhCBSa0eVm5w	I am writing to send high accolades to Yellow Cab.  On January 24th, my cat had to be rushed to the emergency room, and the dispatcher sent the cab, which arrived in 1 minute!The cab driver, unfortunately I did not get his name, stayed with me at the emergency room until my parents arrived.  He also ran an errand for me to pick up cigarettes and a lighter.In times of distress, not only the cab company, but especially the driver, showed me the kindness and care that I needed in a time of distress.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	I will no longer get hungry smelling this place in my Turkish classroom from 11 am to noon every single day, and that's saying a lot.My boyfriend and I went here for a quick lunch to go.  I got the Mediterranean black bean burger, which tasted fine, although it came with mayo.  You should warn someone about something like that!  The takeout box was also filled like a down pillow with undressed lettuce and spinach leaves.  So strange.My boyfriend ordered the falafel plate, which at first they completely forgot to make.  We waited a solid 15 minutes for them to put it together.  In the end, he got his three falafels, lettuce, tomato, (dressed!) lettuce and spinach leaves, stale pita, and reddish hummus that tasted just like unrinsed, aluminum-permeated chickpeas.  And it's not cheap either... $7 for lunches we had to wait forever to choke down.
aKw_lY7fmHKk7G-hoM1v0Q	Great coffee at a great price :)
GEu83t4SjJ5S7SdoGkZIDg	I frequent the CoHo when I'm craving non-dining hall food that is not burgers or sandwiches. I usually get their risotto, which is delicious, but their salmon i cannot say the same about. It's usually overcooked and not very appetizing. Their chai lattes could also use some work, but I love the atmosphere and the jazz, so I come here with my friends anyways.
ipleTHGh9KR8hO5U1yxzXw	Stanfurd Sucks!!!  Go Bears!!!
QlFMn3xECbC-vxe_rGSlsg	I'm sorry, but Bytes Cafe just plain bites it.  The only good thing about their Rosemary Chicken sandwich was the mayonnaise... or was it butter?  I couldn't even be sure - I was *that* disappointed by having to remove the rubbery, flavorless chicken to subsist on the OK butternnaise-coated focaccia bread.  And is potato salad ever supposed to include raw potato?  No matter, I didn't even like the cooked ones...  Quite possibly the worst potato salad I have ever had.  With a name like Bytes Cafe, one might expect to find a selection of computer products, any of which would probably have tasted better than my sandwich.
r2qmjMcvoPmrElnlrSzKrw	I hired Stanford Bartender for my wedding in August 2012. I dealt with Carlos through the planning stages, deciding on cocktails and amounts to buy etc. He was full of advice and he really gave me confidence that the cocktails woud be great and the event would run smoothly.Our bartender Andy turned up ahead of time, had the bar looking fantastic, was a great laugh, the girls especially liked him and he made some great drinks too! He couldn't have done any more for us.Really happy with our experience and would definitely hire them again if we have another event.
PtJPMn7baHLHTHvvxfPigA	Horrible service. Went here twice to get minor repairs on my bike done. Both times I was told that I'd have to wait over a week before they had time to work on my bike. Took my bike to The Bike Connection and they repaired it on the spot. Was in and out in 15 minutes. The Bike Connection is also somewhat cheaper.If you don't have one of their service plans, you'll be better served by another bike store.
Y4j2-X-y7BxSl1SknxoFwA	Carlos hosted the bar at our school's fundraiser last night and there is only one word to describe him and his services: *excellent*. Carlos arrived exactly on time, set up an elegant bar, kept the bar and beverage area very neat, informed us when we were running low on supplies (ice,cups), and was overall very pleasant and professional. He even stayed late to help finish up the evening - beyond the call of duty! I will gladly recommend Stanford's Bartender to anyone.
lXtS5MsO2xPcChp6dZPm8A	CoHo is a good go-to spot for food or coffee. Love their vanilla lattes. Nothing great or special ab out the ambiance but quick and convenient :)
LTFb-ij3TDTo_pDZYmUPxQ	Lutticken's is a good place for a quick bite to eat and coffee in the morning.  With the other med school crowd, I usually eat here pretty often when I'm too lazy to venture to the massive crowds at Clark Center's Nexus.The main thing to get here is the sandwiches.  They're build-your-own sandwiches for a good price.  Also, they usually have some special sandwich of the day.  This place also sells soup, chips, prepackaged salads (which they make every morning fresh), and occasionally, they'll have a BBQ outside of the deli.  Lutticken's is also a good place to get coffee in the morning, as it's probably the only place that has decent Hazelnut coffee.  Be careful though, the coffee served here is freakin' hot.  I usually have to wait like 5 minutes after getting it to ATTEMPT to drink it.....maybe 15 to actually enjoy it.  Double sleeve it too...i've burned my hand many a time.-Pchris
biey89DPbXAQCVdc4iR3pA	*This update is for the Radiation Therapy Department in Stanford's Cancer Center.*Today was the last session of radiation therapy after 5-1/2 weeks of daily visits.  With the exception of weekends and holidays (Christmas Day, New Year's day and Martin Luther King Day), I went every single day since 12/18/08.  I was even there getting radiation on my birthday in December.  I could have taken my birthday off but I decided not to so that I could finish the course in a timely manner.The daily schedule went like this:  arrive before your daily appointed time slot and change into a 100% Karen Neuburger super soft cotton gown (www.karenneuburger.com) and take a seat in the patient waiting room to read or do a puzzle until your radiation therapist comes out to get you.You are then led to the radiation therapy suite where the radiation therapy team assigned to you has the glass table ready for you to lay down on with the custom forms that help align you properly.  After some adjustments to make sure you are in line with the measurements required, your team leaves and you wait for the treatment to start.  Soothing instrumental music wafts through the treatment room while I am being radiated.  After this is completed, a free parking pass is given to you and you are good to go.Once a week you will see your radiation oncologist on one day and a resident on another day since Stanford is a teaching hospital.  In my case I also had to get blood drawn once a week as well (upstairs in the lab on the first floor of the Cancer Center).The most wonderful radiation therapy team took exceptionally wonderful care of me during these long weeks.  The radiation oncologist I have is the best ever in the world!  I am grateful for their professional and nurturing care!  If you have cancer or know of someone that does, go to Stanford's Cancer Center.  You will have access to world class minds and caring staff...I know because I'm still a patient of this center.  Next month Stanford's Cancer Center will be celebrating five years of the best cancer care in the world!  I am very grateful indeed...
aHrxfhAf-_Kow-LLxQ-K3A	Love the food and location of the new Arbuckle Cafe but it's so expensive!!  I can only afford a small bowl of soup ($2.75 if you eat there) and yesterday was shocked to find out my half a sandwich cost almost $6, with no meat or cheese!  I'm in awe of the people who can eat there every day.  Bring your wallet and make sure it's stuffed with cash!  (Two stars for the food, minus three stars for the cost.)
rBpfFXrGtUebN2GeoIEh8g	This place is okay, but they play such awful music in the early mornings and they play it SO LOUD. I'm here right now, and I wonder why none of the staff have wondered why everyone in the cafe is sitting on the far side of the cafe, where the music is buffered by a wide pillar.
WWtAeYZHlo5bEE5fg6LjXg	I've only ever had the menage a trois and I'm satisfied with that forever. I love Ike's! The only drawback about this place can be the excruciating wait so order ahead on Ikes's iphone app.+ Do get the menage a trois on dutch crunch+ Do order a full. You'll eat it all
xabFKJmDfca06U501y5fQQ	Been here twice and each time it has taken over 45 minutes to get a sandwich. And the second time, I showed up when there wasn't a long line. As a "deli" style restaurant for lunch, this is not good. On top of that, during my last visit my friends were yelled at and literally man-handled for giving their order to the wrong guy behind the counter. Sorry, we didn't realize the guy wandering around with some post-its was the official order taker. Oh yeah, and when we asked for a menu we were told, "Sorry we only have a few and they're all being used." We were at the front of the line and waiting to order. WTF?From what I have eaten, the food here is AMAZING, especially for a vegetarian. Just as tasty as the SF location. But be prepared for a less-than-attentive staff and a LOOOONG wait for your food. I don't have enough time most days to take a 2 hour lunch.
dLSpBPiPY2NoKjywxTX0ZQ	sandwiches are decent, wait times are kind of ridiculous. I put 40 minutes into the parking structure, and I still had to run all the way back to put 40 more in.
xGCFK5kHF9Y-PheaIvE6AA	Nice outdoor seating but avg. Cappuccino and breakfast items.  Also, no wifi (unless you are a Stanford student/faculty).
WGw9fG0AG7-OCJ36lNagog	I used to get a cappuccino here before evening sections and film screenings at the art building.  Really the best place to have a snack or coffee on Stanford's campus, especially if the weather's nice, which it often is.  You can study, hang out, or just sit and read for a while.  The people are nice and their version of the blended coffee drink, which uses an ice cream base, is the best.
a5ObsR5gTbC9oJ9mei3T8g	I came in from Canada for the Escape From Alcatraz triathlon and was served by an incredibly nice gentlemen (uncle to the owner).  I am not sure I've seen customer service like that for a long time.  I had come a long way and was a little out of my element but these guys personally worked to make me feel comfortable.  The bike they gave me was awesome too - ran smooth as butter and was about 5x better than the bike I owned at home.When I dropped off my bike I was running because I had to catch my flight home so I didn't properly get to say thank you - let me pass it now.  I'll wear my Campus Bike Shop biking shirt with pride.  Like Alexander P.'s comment before mine ... I also can't recommend this place enough.
V3qS1CKt9mYOrcBoo4srOQ	I might be new to Stanford Dining, but I keep coming back to the Axe and Palm.  Their menu may be small and simple, but the food they serve is great--I've eaten many bison burgers there, and I frankly think they are delicious.  The fries arent great, but they aren't bad either. I usually go for onion rings or waffle fries now.  Shake was okay, but not that great.  But all in all, the Axe in Palm is a solid place to eat with friends or to grab a meal.  The main issue with service is that it just takes so long for them to serve anything--I've had to wait 10-15 minutes for a burger, but I'm willing to wait--they really are pretty good.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	When I heard Stanford finally had a late night dining restaurant, I jumped for joy.  Turns out, nothing to be excited about.  They sell primarily burgers with a token salad on the menu.  The burgers were good, but not great.  The fries were a pleasant surprise, though.  Their menu is replete with other late night delights such as milk shakes, chicken fingers, and ice cream sundaes.    On the plus side, the prices are great and the hours are a welcome relief to late-night students.  It's also great to finally break the monopoly of Treehouse-CoHo-Ray's, all owned by the same company.  Overall, I'd avoid Axe and the Palm unless it's after midnight, in which case, you don't have any other options.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	My second time here and I ordered almost the same thing... 1/2 panini, 1/2 salad for $5. First time it was a Norwegian smoked salmon panini (thin slices of smoked salmon, mixed lettuce & chives) with a mesclun salad. This time it was a Mediterranean (chicken breast, fresh mozzarella, mixed greens, sun-dried tomatoes, pesto and lemon vinaigrette) with caesar salad. Both times, the ingredients were fresh, high quality and presented nicely. The flavors were amazing, in generous portions! Such a great value for $5 :)Their menu is extensive - in addition to paninis and salads, they have breakfast (pastries, waffles, pancakes), crepes (savory & sweet), soups, quesadillas and wraps.I've only had the house coffee which was dark & strong. The outdoor dining area is usually pretty crowded, but you can find a spot anywhere between the libraries and have a picnic :) I can't wait to try more from their menu!
uqY5VAtcoEn_8kcXucw8QQ	Not much to say about Ike's that hasn't been said here already. A vast menu with interesting and expertly crafted combinations and names. Horrific lines at lunchtime, so order in advance to pick up if you can, which now requires 24 hours notice by phone (the app may be different). Ample seating, albeit in one of the engineering buildings with a somewhat sterile-looking concrete look and bad acoustics, so take your sandwich to go and find a scenic spot on campus (there are many!). Lastly, a haiku:the menage a troison dutch -- perfect, if it justhad avocado.
8_APo4b5Y2lDlP681zvROA	This place is ok but the texture of the yogurt is kinda off. I don't know what they do to make the texture like that but I know that I've had better, smoother, yogurts that just have a better mouth feel.Their toppings are standard and are good enough to satisfy anyone's cravings but their main item on the menu, the yogurt, isn't the best. In fact, you're better off going to the yogurt shops on University Ave.In fact, the soft-serve ice cream's texture at the Lagunitas dining hall is so much better.
s_q4051Tn8aV1Et5M6MzeA	This cafe is a perfect combination of simple beauty and delicious, healthy food. It is bright and cheerful, with good service. I had the turkey sandwich, which was delicious, and their offerings are simple, but all of it looked great. They had good coffee, too, and coming from a Peet's lover, that's saying alot! The best part about this spot, is its surroundings. There is something surreal about lunching, under the eyes of the Rodin sculptures and the other Burghers.
gLke-4oih1t7urvoQAENcQ	Chicken pesto sandwich with a side of feta'd green beans. Mm, tasty and again, only $4.99 (no tax for students!).The place is a bustlin' little joint now.
E1l86Ae049v1xDVrA609bQ	Thai cafe is open!!! The dishes are as good as ever, love the shrimp soup and chicken saute. Pretty much the best food on campus IMO THe line is outside now, so it might suck when it starts raining...
pKSVqOWpyVc3dwGogNhphg	My bf LOVES going for walks here. We are both from LA, and I think this is the most beautiful campus we have ever seen. There are very interesting structures and buildings to check out and you can enjoy it without having to pay the insanely expensive tuition! I do like the free or low cost talks and shows that I have attended here. I really enjoyed their annual Pow Wow a couple of years ago and was able to buy a beautiful painting from a local artist for relatively cheap.
68diLHUSM0h_bx0i1XPw4g	Luckily I work @ Stanford so that I can truly enjoy this on a weekly basis!I am a true Giants Fan and I'm in love with the SF Giants sandwich and haven't tried any others! My husband on the other hand is an over achiever and ordered KRYPTONITE on his first Ike's sandwich! This 6 lb. sandwich came in two long sandwiches and he was in heaven. I compared it to eating a baby -LOL.. My second son was 6 lbs! Yesterday I ordered Ike's for my boss's farewell party and it was a hit for sure! Most of the people ordered the #2 Hollywood SF Cheesesteak which I may try..The only downside is you have to prepare yourself and not to over indulge or you'll gain some serious weight if you eat this on a regular basis. The dirty sauce, bread, and quality ingredients make every bite worth the price you pay! The line is long, so go right when they open to avoid the wait.Thanks Ike's for bringing something Phenomenal & Phunky to Stanford!!
TdPkpZf5puPvGcxdNxgd3w	Came here to watch the Bank of the West Classic 2010.  I saw Sharapova, Dementieva, Oudin, Zheng Jie, and many other players.  The experience was quite nice knowing that they have WTA event in the Bay Area's back yard.  Parking was not so great, it was out in the dirt and difficult to find after night matches.  They need to use real parking as we are paying for the parking and good money on the tickets.  I'll be back for the 2011 event....can't wait.....
0aH9QrxAxD8tEEVVOVv3kA	This is seriously one of the best sandwich places you'll ever try. The menu (online, and on their iPhone app) is vast. The fact that you'll have a long line waiting for you if you go during the lunch hour is testament to just how good these sandwiches are. I'm especially partial to the Ménage à Trois sandwich on Dutch Crunch bread with extra dirty sauce. Yeah, it's probably 1500+ calories for that single sandwich, and yeah, it's ten bucks, and yeah, that's a lot of money and a lot of calories for a sandwich. But when you're jonesing for Ike's, it's totally worth it.
xZLBbfOEu0D9ui5TOSmeBQ	I finally went to Ike's in Palo Alto after hearing about how awesome it was for years. I was intimidated to go to the one in the Castro because I was warned of insanely long lines. Anyways one Saturday we make the trek. Vegetarian and vegan options galore. Coolest names and a plethora of ingredients. I got the Jessica Rabbit, which includes vegan breaded chicken, stuffed jalapeno poppers, franks red hot, and ranch. Ummm can it get an y better. Now I just need to try ALL the others. I even watched Man vs Food the other day just to see people eating Ike's. A yummy obsession.
rirW6EuHIUBY3NrKIrE0Kw	Working full-time at Stanford gives me the opportunity to explore new dining options around campus and Coupa is pretty high on the list of places to eat. For the negatives, it's priced a bit higher than some of the other eateries, the lines are very long at lunch, and you can almost be sure not to find a table if you're not lightening quick (which I am definitely not). That being said, the food is actually quite good. I've tried the eggplant and mozzarella sandwich, the avocado crepe, their mochas, and lattes. I wasn't disappointed with anything. On the contrary, I thought their food was fresh and better than I expected. And can I just say that their mochas are the best I have ever had. I firmly believe that it is due to the Chuao chocolate powder they use. Their mochas are rich and chocolatey and good enough to turn anyone into a chocoholic.  It's worth trekking in the rain, snow, hurricane...you get the idea. As for service, it's fast and efficient. Not much chit-chat but for a place that's almost always busy, it's probably a necessity.
S91kz40EtAo3AKUrDyEeDg	You want a nice view? Put down your guide book and get up there. The views are incredible, on a clear day (most of them) you can see the bay, and even San Francisco itself. The landscape of the campus is gorgeous and the view is the best in Palo Alto.Stanford student? It's free, also free for a guest of a student. If not, it's $2 bucks a pop. It has the price on any major city sky scraper beat by a lot so fork over the cash and get up there.For all you lazy folks, yes it's an elevator ride.
3MYdpmHeNwC6FquRWi3YOg	I don't know about the schooling but I got a serious sunburn at Stanford this afternoon and had a great time doing it.
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	If you're a Stanford student, it doesn't get more convenient than Moonbean's. Its right on the way to class, and as long as you don't go during super rush hour (around 9AM) the order comes quickly. All of their drinks and snack options are tasty. The staff is always talkative and friendly. If you're just visiting campus, you MUST grab a drink from Moonbean's while you're here.
ISmMbRqaNfyoap0qN2r73A	Summary: Meh.  They're very good for cookie-cutter sleep issues and I found the staff friendly and mostly well-organized.  But anything outside-the-box seems to be discounted, and they're a little too quick to assume they know the root-cause of the problem.  I encourage people with sleep issues to seek them out, but don't take their advice as gospel.Details:So, I'm going to give Stanford's Sleep Disorders Center 2.5 stars, simply because I think most people with sleep issues would probably benefit from the experience.  However, I have to say they were not too helpful in my case.Plusses:1) Staff friendly.2) scheduling the sleep-over and followup appointment was not difficult, though as others have mentioned each will probably need to be weeks in advance;3) Procedure is pretty straightforward: just show up, they put you in a bedroom and they hook you up with a LOT of cables to monitor just about everything imaginable;4) as long as you have a typical sleep issue, their evaluation of your data will likely be spot-on.Minuses:1) For those of us that are mostly side or stomach sleepers (like me), you're going to find it even more difficult to fall asleep than usual.  The cables interfere with sleeping in these positions.  You're pretty much stuck sleeping on your back, whether you want to or not.  I question how typical the results of the test are, given the significant interference of the cabling;2) I made numerous points regarding how my hot feet interfere with my ability to fall sleep, both before the study and in the followup review.   The vibe I got from them was that they felt my issues were just simple apnea, and that my feet are not a major factor with my sleep, since hot-feet is not a typical symptom of RLS.  While I don't dispute my feet issue is a-typical, I GREATLY disagree in how they perceive its impact on my sleep.  This is a huge, huge miss on their part.  I was really looking for more insight on my feet, but very little was provided.3) They were very quick to categorize my problem as solely sleep apnea.  The staff effectively ignored my observations on my hot-feet, ignored the observations of my current and previous girlfriend (that I snore, but not very often and they've never heard me "catch my breath" or labor in my breathing at night in any way).  They even ignored the overnight technicians who told me that "I didn't snore" when I asked them in the morning.  In other words, even if I had snored that night, it wasn't for long, and not loud enough to even be noticed by them.In a nutshell, they looked at my mouth and facial structure, said "sleep apnea" and called it a day.To be blunt, I'm having much better success on my own, particularly with iron supplements and some minor behavior modifications.  I don't need them.  But, I'm still glad I went just to be thorough.  Your mileage may vary.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	I get so frustrated with this library. Their policies on when they will and won't do inter-library loan don't make any practical sense, their collections tend to be lacking in key volumes and electronic journals, I've submitted at least three or four search requests for books listed as shelved in the system that were nowhere to be found in just a few quarters here... Plus the way the Bing Wing/West Stacks connects to the rest of the library is preposterously confusing!  I've also had unpleasant realizations about the hours at Green, as well.The staff is really friendly and helpful, on the plus side... But overall, I just miss Swem library at William & Mary!
OFOWGyyBvwdDhPgj2RJ1ww	I have to give a HUGE five stars to Dr. Daniel S. Kapp Radiation Oncologist for being instrumental at saving my life at the Stanford Cancer Center.  I found the staff to be very courteous and helpful at making my radiation appointments that would work with my schedule.The facility is brand new and has open air meeting areas and a small cafeteria as well.You can park in the large paid parking structure next door and the staff will give you a parking voucher to cover the expense of parking there. They also have valet parking as well.Great staff, excellent facility and a job well done!
TXTg2Q1mnf_kbewJs2XhPA	Oh Stanford Fraiche, how I love thee for the following attributes:- Awesome, totally friendly employees- Remarkably fast service (re: the yogurt, not the coffee), especially considering how long the line usually is- A stellar selection of toppings and pastries, especially considering the small space- Two words: Chronicle Special- Terrific hours!- The New Orleans iced coffee is amazing.  Truly.  I usually can't stand iced coffee.  But this stuff is sweet cold chicory coffee goodness.I had to really think about whether to give this place four stars or five.  Maybe I'll switch to five at some point.  But for now, I have two complaints:- The coffee quality varies somewhat.  Sometimes it is awesome and fresh and perfect; other times (pretty rarely, but more than once) it tastes like they ran the water through twice and I got #2.- No dark chocolate ginger cookies at this location? WHY OH WHY?!!?If you're at Stanford and need something between a snack and a meal, forget Jamba Juice or Subway and check out Fraiche instead!
S2Pz30LWP85YgfcfiqnPFw	Blood Orange Gelato Bar was pretty good
gCqWkeiZDbLSckzL5E0Ucg	I don't know why people say bad things about this place. This is the best food place on campus! And for those that would rather go to Nexus than here, I don't know what you're smoking. I work at Clark Center, and would rather walk over to Bytes than eat the overpriced, disgusting stuff they serve at Nexus nowadays. The staff at Bytes is always friendly, and the lines look long but are very quick. The Cuban pork sandwich is my favourite - it's my go to dish when the special doesn't look enticing to me. But at least once a week, there will be a really good special. Also, the ingredients here are fresh, and prepared with time and care. Everything is consistent from day to day to week to week, and I've never been disappointed with the quality of the food. Their salads are also tasty, as well as filling! It costs about the same as Nexus, but they give more quantity and the food tastes better.
0UtERzXqt3NpCKuvnQ0Lrw	For someone who works on campus, this cafe at the museum is a treat (i.e. not an everyday hang out) on a warm day.  I typically order the flavorful Chutney Chicken Salad and a cookie.  Don't miss the huge cookies, people!  I always take a stroll through the amazing collection of art before going back to work.
isSlR0cY7PhXUbuRI8qwvA	great for lunch if you get tired of hospital cafeteria food and don't want to walk too far. it's in kind of a random location. good (large) sandwiches - usually i eat half and save the other half or else i will be in food coma the rest of the day.
8ciQzrRSDqCeS9EIYdpkvA	Very American.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	The best panini I've had --- hands down!!!  I met a friend here for lunch and tried their take on the popular sandwich for the first time.  You are encouraged to direct the staff to build your own sandwich.  I highly recommend the herbed chicken with brie and mixed greens with garlic aioli. YUMMY!!!
m6VbqnZ0Pq-mhjtQvoY65w	Whether you're physically active and need to replenish calories or just too lazy to cook daily (OR like me, an unfortunate combination of both), Arrillaga has got you covered. It's conveniently located and open late, which already ranks it higher than most other places to eat on campus. They also serve food you can trust, as much of it is grown locally and prepared in new highly visible kitchen facilities. That the staff get together to eat the food here is both surprising and refreshing. And with a meal plan, Arrillaga is definitely the best all-you-can-eat deal. It's not uncommon to see grad students and even professors here with their families. Though it can be difficult to find seating for large groups during peak hours, that only speaks to the popularity of the place. Outdoor balcony and lower level lounge seating are plenty, and the dining hall remains one of the best places to watch big sports games with its huge projector screens.Students also reap the benefits of Stanford's "performance dining" initiative which caters to its athletes and offers very nutritious ingredients. There are always consistent options at the grill and salad bar, and you won't be at a loss for variety with their fancier cuisine items that change daily. The university  has certainly made it both enjoyable and convenient to eat well by investing so much in this facility.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	I like coming here to pass some time browsing the books, and they have a nice selection of Stanford apparel and gifts.   They frequently have a big bin of books for under $5, which is nice.   My biggest complaint is that their clothes have a very weird fit for the most part.  Several shirts my fiance has gotten me from here didn't fit well at all and had to be returned.  He has also had issues with the necks on t-shirts here being too small.  I've found that the apparel from The Stanford Store in the Stanford Shopping Center fits much better.   The staff could use a little less attitude too.
1WfaAbWC06QDnb59vqnEZw	Free for students, $5 otherwise, and $4 for alumni.  The Day Pass grants access to the pool and other gyms on campus.Since my CrossFit gym isn't open for business on Sundays (yet), I come here whenever CrossFit.com recommends doing a max strength Workout of the Day, e.g. 5 sets of 5 rep power cleans.  This place is clean and has plenty of free weights.Equipment I wish it had (again, this is from a CF perspective):* GH machines* 20 lb medicine balls* Real pull up bars (not assist machines or bars designed for pure lat isolation)* Rowing machines* Climbing rope* Rings
sG4c4SRELgWQz29Khh60vA	The Bytes Cafe has a nice selection of food with fresh ingredients, a friendly staff, and relatively fast service. As a whole I wouldn't say that their food is something to go far out of your way for, but it's nice to have them on campus. On their own they probably deserve three stars, but I'll give them an extra for not being Coupa.
JJqIf-4CdoKJxoOJF2RIyA	I go here occasionally. I read a lot of history, and the South Asian/Middle Eastern sections are excellent. They also have some excellent atlases and reference books. It is pretty pricey, however. However, for a college/university bookstore, it is pretty medioccre.
HVPrZuTFciaRLmEwCdl-yw	So. Delicious. Every single sandwich. And don't even get me started on the Kryptonite!If I have friends on campus, this is the go-to place. The most important thing to remember is that it gets really busy around lunch, so you have to go at slightly off times to avoid the long lines. There are ways to get around it, namely ordering via their app. or, for Stanford students, getting that one check-into-classes-and-get-points app. and using the cut-in-front-of-everyone coupon while pissing everyone else in line off.Recently, they took off the chips/fruit from the sandwich. The reason was that they lowered the prices across the board. I couldn't really tell... The menu also shrunk noticeably. They also never have water available, so make sure you bring your own water bottle or plan on buying a drink! Otherwise, be prepared to trek all the way downstairs and across the hall to the nearest water fountain.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	Not much to say - it's Starbucks.  Which means you know exactly what you're getting - always comforting.  The real kicker will be the hours - I'm not sure how late they are open yet.  I really hope they stay open late, it's hard to get coffee on campus after 11pm.
PjYaEnWRFB7uogiAeaXQQA	I want to like Thai Cafe.. I mean, it's right downstairs, the line moves incredibly fast, and the prices are pretty reasonable (although they only take cash which sucks), but I hate hate hate Thai Cafe.  In fact, I shudder at the mention of it, and slightly want to cover my nose anytime I'm nearby when the food's around.  Ok, I should also give a short disclaimer: I hate curry, so that takes out half the menu.  The other parts are ok, but it does all sorta taste the same, and it's a bad type of same.  Sometimes I can still taste it in my mouth and eww, it is not good.
hP7mKqLv57veQKiFWvA0Dw	Located right across the street from Tressider Union and the PRL at Stanford, this place gets a lot of traffic. Simple menu of burgers and salads. Grass fed lamb burgers on whole grain rolls with steel cut oats are actually nice, albeit overcooked. Salmon burgers/salads are back, finally. Good fries and onion rings. Service can be painfully slow, tho. Not "cheap" but in-line with other campus options.Like most dining options at Stanford, I really appreciate their commitment to compostable serviceware.
aSUmRlQxraEBVRnhpx9l9w	The thing I like most about Beckman is that it's open until 3pm, which is nice when I have to grab a quick/late lunch and still want something "warm." That being said, the most unfortunate thing about Beckman is that they don't actually have a "kitchen" so to speak, and they have to use a microwave to heat everything up. I know a lot of people aren't the biggest fans of this place, but I really don't think it's that bad. Not the best, but still pretty decent.The burritos at Nexus are made with fresher ingredients, but there's not a bad variety at Beckman. If you're feeling particularly hungry, I recommend getting a burrito "mojado style," which basically means that your burrito and chips will be drenched in cheese and salsa and come with a nice dollop of guacamole and sour cream. It's kind of heavy, but usually a mojado burrito will last me for at least 2-2.5 meals. The spicy chicken burrito is not bad either, but definitely spicy. I also quite like the quesadillas, but if you don't specifically ask for them to make it "flat," you'll probably get yours in a wrap, which is kind of interesting. I've also tried the chicken tostada salad, which is not bad, but I've had better. I do however, really like the Aztec salad. Yummy dressing!The people who work here may not come off as the most friendly, but they're speedy with what they do, and if you give them a smile and say thank you, they'll be pleasant enough.tl;dr: Using microwaves to cook food, but still getting things that are fairly tasty? Not bad.
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Adding twist: Seven lines of seven words.Asked for no cucumbers in wrap (allergic).Discovered cucumbers (and missing menu promised avocados).Returned dish pointing at obviously visible cucumbers.Wrap returned with promise of removed cucumbers.More cucumbers found in depths of wrap.Dismantled wrap, removed cucumbers, luckily no reactions.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	A free shuttle bus that runs around the Stanford campus and to other local destinations like the Palo Alto Caltrain and grocery stores in Mountain View.   We had something similar at my university called Saferide, except unlike that, which nearly killed my friends and me a couple times, this actually is a safe ride.    The drivers are friendly and for the most part very cautious, responsible drivers who don't speed.    They changed the schedules a bit this summer and it is now less convenient for me, but it still goes from right near my apartment complex to the central part of Stanford.   For the most part it comes within 5 minutes of when it says it will.   Its not perfect, but its decent for a free shuttle & it makes getting to Stanford much easier for me, since I'm not able to park on campus.My biggest complaint is that even if you ring the "stop requested" bell well in advance of your stop, they frequently fail to stop and then sometimes you have to remind them AND stand up AND start yelling before they finally stop, several blocks away from where you wanted them to.   This has happened to me several times, always on the SLAC route.
AS-6FLwDQK6IMW0_dQoJHw	Overall a nice course. Lacks in what one would expect in an otherwise nice course like a driving range and nicer restaurant. I'm a Cal fan so I hope I'm not being too harsh. Great place though and I had a fun time playing in a best ball tourney. If you're all business and want to play golf and leave, go for it. If you like chillin' afterwards over a good beer and talking to everyone about how cool you are, how you invented the internet and will one day overcome that damn slice, then you're better off finding some place else. The clubhouse feels like you're in an old frat house during study hours.
pILwv96yeZsmUjglRsSuDw	Yes, its in the middle of no where (unless you are a Stanford student), but at least its open on the weekends and less crowded (on weekends) than any of the Ike locations can be during the week.Being less crowded, its given me the opportunity to enter into a dialog to explore their various sandwich choices and staff recommendations. Move over "Ex-boyfriend," it now all about "The Girl I'm Dating" and "Menage a Trois." This location also gives a free bag of chips or fresh fruit with every sandwich (unlike the Redwood Shores location which charges extra).
VPHb-zShxXPczcgbpuF1SQ	Like everyone says, this post office kind of sucks -- they know that Stanford students are too lazy to drive anywhere else.Here's a tip if you do drive to this post office, though -- if you're fast, you can park behind the post office, either in a parking space (if there's one available, there are only 3 or so), or just park on the sloped area next to the bollards. I've done it tons of times and have never gotten a ticket.
L1FxlBLaBuekazfDWAeHAQ	absolute best sandwich I have ever had!  first day I tried the hot mama huda - it was so good!  the next day I went back and tried an unoriginal chicken with whole wheat, american cheese, all the vege's, and honey mustard - it was awesome.  long lines, but so worth the wait.  about a 5-10 minute walk from my office.  did I mention this place has the BEST sandwiches in the WORLD! :)
veQVlF_629VxcTFTk1aznw	OK, my eyes are stinging as I write this. The smell/kitchen oil still has NOT been resolved. YARGH. I must go home soon to rid myself of this foul odor in my clothes and now, eyes.Oh why do I decide to stay here even though I am in physical discomfort?...I had a delicious Ravioli (spinach?) with this pumpkin/squash dressing. Such yummy-ness. It's actually the perfect proportion, though a bit on the "less cheap" side with it being $7.50. Now time to leave before the oil seeps in any more. Seriously though, this odor can't be good for you....
E69u6JXfywahzuQf4ng08g	Very nice place.  But the address is 641, not 461, Google sent me to the middle of nowhere on Campus Dr.  Can't believe nobody has changed this.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	Really nice, quiet place to get some reading done with lots of comfortable chairs! Plus they allow you to bring drinks in (just no food). Naturally, their selection isn't as enormous as Green, but it is really inviting and really quiet, and conveniently located fairly close to the main quad right behind the bookstore/post office.
F3yL7vsPzn1wq6ILuzs_Rw	LINX CLOSED NOW.  Nexus Cafe is now operating in place.  The food Salad Bar is definitely better.  For the Stanford Students, they don't take Cardinal Dollars anymore!!
0sZ1BLZEocy6fl5Gyfs5hQ	My office is near the engineering quad, which is on the opposite end of sports facilities. It will be a huge hassle for me to hop on and off bus just to work out (I am not a biker unfortunately). Tressider fitness provides the best solution for me. It's located in the center of campus, which is quite a pleasant and stress-relieving 10 min walk for me during the middle of the day. It is often not crowded so you can have all the machines/equipments/weights that you want. The staffs are very friendly and helpful if you wants tips for certain exercises. In addition, the newly renovated bathrooms rock (well I can't say much about the gir's bathroom...) if you need to freshen up yourself after a good workout. The nearby COHO cafe, tree house, subway, and many other food choices add more convenience to this little gym.On a side note, (It may be a bit disgusting) when you walk in the men's bathroom you can smell fresh baked bread aroma from the nearby COHO cafe. :]
eydaYzZbJ-2cLcEDA5d5hQ	Man, I don't even know if they still put on shows here, but over the years, there has been some epic ones here.  The Grateful Dead used to play Frost every year for a long time until the campus police couldn't deal with the lot scene in the eucalyptus grove anymore.KFOG did a show here in the mid-90s which was a blast.  This is a very scenic grassy bowl with lots of trees draping over the fences.  I think it's a bit out-dated in terms of bathrooms and catering and such, but if you ever get a chance to see a daytime show at Frost, pack up a picnic and bring a blanket, some sunscreen and your shades and enjoy.
cfm2QPqbISLE6w3d9fp1ag	Same yogurt as the downtown location, but they're missing the blue bottle coffee!Gotta give it props for being so close to my dorm, though.EDIT: Have coffee now, but no longer take meal points. I'm sure it's some stupid Stanford Dining restriction, but it still makes life suck more for all of us students.
aq2_8lQlMxugiSEeZ0TsPA	It's a good range to practice irons and tee shots, go elsewhere for putting drills. The Pro Shop is stocked with refreshments and friendly service by a PGA Professional named Jim. He's ready to answer any questions or offer a tip or two.
jPYo0tgCP9If38vn_0aeKA	definitely a better alternative to andronico's.  the sandwiches are pretty big, especially if you get everything on it.  Andronico's charges you for every additional veggie after the normal, lettuce, tomato, onion deal.  I think Lutticken's raised their prices a bit, but it's still cheaper than Andronico's and that a plus in my opinion.  And no i'm not against Andronico's, just their prices for sandwiches...and another bonus...they don't take as long to make your sandwich...Andronico's should learn a thing or two from these guys...
bn6wJVt32gadogoWy_fhBw	It was closed all summer. Finally made my way over to Jordan Hall to experience the Thai Nazi. She's actually not that mean. You should be prepared to order & pay when the line is that long (which moves very quickly) and the menu is that short (no paradox of choices here). Food was ok. Nothing special. But big portions. I had the pork salad (it's actually vermicelli noodles with pork on a bed of lettuce, but she goes by pork salad) and the pork was rather dry, I ended up eating mostly the noodles.
tvTm4FsyGAJw5pn1aCQyVA	I alway prefer to go to ATMs or use online banking when I can, but I can't say enough about how helpful everyone at this brach was when (gasp) I had to speak to an actual human being about my finances.  I have been highly pleased with SFCU itself (they have even reimbursed me fees even when it was my own stupid fault), but this branch just has the nicest people ever.  Their hours (they open at 7:30am on Th/F) are a lifesaver for people who don't want to leave work to go to the bank and I have always been in and out in record time.  Yay for a bank that does actually feel like it is there to help you!
OzU3uTiW1cq22iEEy8_TVg	Even though I like to hate on Stanford for the MISERABLE excuse of an experience it provided its undergraduate 2006 class, it still kicks ass. You'll pay $$ to go to any school of this caliber, so why not have palm trees, a gorgeous church, 8000 acres, a mall, a hospital, and museums right on your campus?
YTZYlzPqUVN8u3KHR9dx6Q	Went for the first time a couple weeks ago with some friends. I ordered the Damon Bruce and I absolutely inhaled it! Thinly sliced ribeye steak, steak sauce, provolone cheese and grilled onions on a roll. That sourdough roll was awesome in itself.My friends got a Menage A Trois and the SF Giants and said they amazing. I'll for sure be back and make sure not to go during a home football game.
6GnO5Yn8sGnw3Npzyjgk0Q	Stanford Aerobics and Yoga (SAY) caters specifically to the Stanford community, though it's not limited to students, staff, and faculty. I've been to a number of classes here for yoga, aerobics (step, bootcamp, and kickboxing), and pilates, but yoga is by far my favorite, especially when it's taught by Kelly (who also teaches at Avalon Art & Yoga Center).I've never really been into yoga until I started going to Kelly's flow yoga classes. I went to a handful when I was an undergrad at Cal, but didn't like them much -- the instructor either went too fast, or was too much of a hippie for me. Kelly gives the perfect guidance, balancing strength and stretches, with meditative and mindful breathing. I've gone on average once a week since early 2007 and it has increased my strength and flexibility a ton!The class schedule at SAY changes quarter to quarter, since it follows the Stanford system, but there are plenty of offerings. I feel that some of the classes aren't challenging enough (especially the kickboxing classes), but they are a good workout. And for the price (something like $155 for 3 quarters, excluding summer), SAY can't be beat!
OXR9bPVLqTmJQU_5NWAD8Q	The best place to start a tour of the this area of the peninsula. You can see for miles and point out all the major local landmarks. Probably the most easily accessible building of that height in the area. It's definitely a fun, easy experience that I'd recommend to anyone
ERt7s2Q5KbcnXtNa8NUMpg	I used Stanford's Bartender to throw a happy hour for my company Sōsh's users at Gallery 16 in SOMA. At Sōsh (www.sosh.com) we provide the best personalized activity and event suggestions in SF, so when we throw an event the focus on quality is paramount, and we were not disappointed with Carlos and Stanford's Bartender.Carlos was attentive to our needs and helped accomodate all special requests as they came up. The day of the event our bartenders arrived promptly, set up a lovely bar and were easy going and fun to work with. Although the bar was very busy and often hectic with lots of demand- Carlos and his team worked hard throughout and never sacrificed quality.  Several of our guests commented to me and my team members about how much they loved their drinks!  The team was cheerful throughout the evening, and through the clean up (which they did well and quickly). I would definitely use them for future catering needs.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	If you're sick of eating at Nexus or the line at Ike's is unbearable, then come to Coupa! There's a good amount of seating indoors and outdoors. So far I've been here twice and I'm loving it as a new place for lunch on campus. I've had the pesto chicken crepe which was very filling. It's enough for 2 people. The chicken was a bit dry though. And I've also had the rosemary chicken panini. The bread was delicious but again the chicken was on the dry side. Portions are filling. I want to try their Arepas next time - they look like a savory crumpet.
BLBzBi9mEc_GEOkTSO1S_w	Please don't get me wrong I love Ike's!!! The redwood shores location and what used to be the SF location are awesome!!! This location though is meant only for STANFORD STUDENTS. If you're not a stanford student do not go here. It is very hard to find and you have to pay for parking. They do not have a phone to take phone orders and that will mean it will take forever to order your sandwich!!! If you have never tried Ike's and would like to get a real experience drive a little further north to the Redwood Shores location. It really turns out to be a shorter amount of time to reach there because this Ike's is a 15-20 min drive after you exit anyway.
3okrWrDZxfMrF3_thV3Kmg	$1.50 for a small black coffee. A decent place to grab a cup while you're walking past here through campus. I'm editing this now that I've tried their food. I had the Eggplant Bruschetta which was alright, but I don't think I'll spend $5 on that again.
hQ0aQ-EdeshMwkhXKPlK5w	Only the Chicken is Halal here.  As stated on the website and menus. We tried the "Hot Mamma Huda" and the "Spiffy Tiffy."  Both were pretty good, but I liked the Huda better, because it had a little kick (because of the Frank's Buffalo sauce). You also get your choice of chips or a piece of fruit.  They also give a nice caramel apple lollipop with every sandwich!  Friendly service.  The stanford location was a little hard to find, because it is inside one of the engineering buildings, but there is plenty of seating inside.
fAMDOWqqOwZ35fy-l47xHg	This is a terrific cafe.  I am a vegan and this cafe always has many vegetarian and vegan options (as well as meat and fish options).  Yesterday for lunch I had their spinach soup (delicious) and their lima bean tofu entre that was also fabulous (the tofu was served in a meat-like form in a delicious sauce).  In all honesty this lunch was way better than the vegan food I have had at one of San Francisco's best vegan restaurants.  Highly recommend this cafe.  The staff are all very friendly and helpful too.
yRtajw-lGYoOXdOdfwV9hQ	Quiz question: what is the most community supportive Tier One school in the US of A??!** Answer: Stanford **http://www.econference.org/They allow you to register for marqueeeee GSB events (extra e's for excellent excellent) even if you attended Parkland Community College in Champaign IL in the 90s (me) Pop in for a quick on-campus work-out at...http://www.yelp.com/biz/arrillaga-family-sports-center-stanford
YpU9kTxphYcHpx4dTg_Lpg	I had Ike's Place for the first time yesterday and it was pretty good. The Menage a Trois was very flavorful with the sauces and I liked the three different cheese it contains. The bag of chips were very tasty as well and the caramel apple lollipop in the end is always nice.The only negatives I take away from the experience is the wait and somewhat the price. I went around 6:15pm and probably waited a combined 30-35 min. to order and get my sandwich. Although we're talking about great quality gourmet sandwiches, paying $12+ to fill me up may be a bit much. I'll still definitely will be back and trying out all the other kinds.
7_wnLnYddqcKkVoZ76aMKg	I only had 3 days to do my "CAST PARTY" in SFO.  I called at 11pm at night and left a message on his vm.  Carlos called a few minutes later!  He was patient in working out the drink lists for my guests and would always assure me not to worry as he has done this many times.  He turned the "rush party" into a fun experience.  He was professional - always returned my calls and arrived on time.  Our 150 guests enjoyed the drinks.  Bar was arranged great, he was good with guests and Id use his services all over again!
tZk5CeIvoU7MWPPI5NiiTg	Dining al fresco at the Cool Cafe is a simple luxury not to be missed. On a lazy Friday afternoon you might find me and my little puppy, Duncan savoring our delicious slow food under a tree and on the grass or enjoying cappuccino or perhaps a glass of sauvignon blanc to get the weekend started early... everything on the menu is great, be adventurous!
FgY7BKD6s4O8ItXt516WVA	Even though I work on the other side of the campus I still make it my mission to get an Ike's Place sandwich (my crazy speed walking and trying not to get sweaty is totally worth it). The sandwiches are premium quality and as an added bonus they give you a lollipop (it really does make a difference). I always ordered my sandwiches via the Ike's Place app on my iphone so I can beat the line and get to my sandwich quicker. Some of the sandwiches are the same as the Cupertino Ike's Liar location and others are different so I recommend being adventurous and trying all of the sandwiches because even if they sound a bit strange they are still delicious.
T_ua0osjaKMUmyhwOZfFTw	I've been coming ot this gym for a few years now. I like to go to at around 1p when the jocks are gone LOL. The later you go the less crowded it will be. I like to work out when there aren't many people around, it just makes it more peaceful for me. I also don't like to fight over machines or like to wait till one clears up, so this time just works for me!This gym is smaller than Arriaga, but it really has everything I need to get a good work out. I've been to the bigger gyms on campus and for me I am not comfortable at those, not only are there sign in sheets to use equipment but there are so many fit people there that it makes you feel uncomfortable if you are not that that fitness level yet. At Tressider Fitness the staff is very friendly and help you when you don't know what to do with a machine. Don't feel shy to ask...The gym is kept very clean and it is not musty (I hate when you walk in a gym and all you smell is bad odors) not here thank God!. The location is perfect because when I am done with my workout there are several food stations that I can visit to get a nice healthy lunch :) All in all, I love this place!
zJJqa7U26QsGC02OEgL5lw	The Background:A cosy and packed coffee shop in downtown Palo Alto, this is definitely one of the best places there.  Like everyone else has said, the elephant chai is really quite fantastic.  The Positives:The two great things about this place are the chai and the venezulean food.  While the crepes and pancakes are good, all of the venezuelean dishes I've had there have been phenomenal.  Also, in case none of the reviews have tipped you off, the elephant chai is REALLY REALLY good.  Get some, you won't regret it.The Negatives:It gets really busy, so you may not always be able to get a table.
xxxZeLMgNLI7LwgMRfNZKw	Menu doesnt indicate any spice levels, I got the daily dish and it was spicy as he!!. Had to toss more than half the food out after I got through the rice. Portions of the entree are small.  Lady at the window: rude. Cash only. Will never go back.
ObTdwtmMANMxYQDYF1GRzA	I love Fraiche!  Nonfat (or low fat) yogurt and good toppings...what more can you ask for?  It's a great alternative and a healthier option for snacking or dessert.Minus one star for the price!
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	One of my favorite libraries on campus - it's clean, bright, and has a balcony with a nice campus view.  The staff is also really friendly and helpful.   I'm taking an engineering class at Stanford so I come here a lot because they have the books I need and its conveniently located to my class (and Ike's!), but I really enjoy coming here to study for a few hours.  In addition to the books, they have a table full of gadgets (iPad, Kindle, etc) you can play with.   My one complaint is that the study spaces, while nice (carrels and comfy couches) aren't plentiful enough - often when I come here they're all taken.
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	I've been told that this is the best place to eat on Stanford's campus.  Unfortunately, that's true only of "good food" or "reasonable prices" aren't your highest values.  The food is pretty good if substantially overpriced.  My asparagus with green goddess dressing was $11.  A salad with actual protein was several dollars more, and none of these salads are large.  And the asparagus itself didn't knock my socks off.But if things like "charm" are your highest value, I can see why you'd come here.  There's a lovely, quiet, patio overlooking the art museum's sculpture garden.  You can stare absently at the Rodins (although they are a little too far away to get a really good look at them), soak up a little sun, and remember why you moved to California.  Those are lovely ways to pass an afternoon, even if I wouldn't normally mix them with an overpriced asparagus lunch.
1pp1jjHmw2KhljOgOr-H7A	I am not a student, but enjoyed walking around campus.  Good activity for a sunday afternoon, the old chapel in the center of campus looks beautiful along with several other buildings on camups.  Lots of Palm Trees.
AUs9EaE3-r0dlRCa0HO20g	Ever since I saw this on Man vs Food I knew this is one of the places I had to try. We headed out  for our team lunch find this place @ Stanford campus which is quite a journey coming from San Jose but so worth it.I knew what I wanted and had to try the "Menage et Trois" with the dirty sauce hee hee.... It was as good as it get's chicken, honey bbq sauce was tasty on the dutch crunch. It did get messy, you will need extra napkins of course I got some on my shirt but ooh well for later ; )Boss got the "Vegan Terminator" said it was good not the best as claimed on their website.Someone else got the "Name of the girl I'm dating" I tried some of it and it was really good too.I can't wait to go back and try the "Spiffy Tiffy" or the "Lincecum" ooh so many choices!
NOUfyJW-BAo_-Cbfo8edww	Fro-yo girl here.  Stanford students live the good life with multiple options for fro-yo on campus, including the new Fraiche location inside Tressider.  I'm told that the location is temporary and it looks that way.  The tables in the dining area were filthy (not that I hold it against Fraiche, it was late at night and no one was there to wipe the tables down).  Their fro-yo has improved!  I didn't feel like I ate a cup of nothing this time.  The natural fro-yo is creamier and more substantial than I remember.  It's still more sweet than tart but it has a real yogurt flavor that I look for.  Plus they make it from scratch and it's organic.  Their soy fro-yo actually tastes like soy but has no tang.  And they make the best mochi!  So chewy and fresh.  Mmm. They offer top quality healthy toppings like flaxseed, agave nectar, freshly shaved chocolate, different types of honey, fruit purees, fresh fruit, etc.  Flavors: Natural, soy, Valrohna chocolatePrices:  Small ($2.95)/ Medium ($3.95)/Large ($5.25)Medium + 2 toppings = $4.95They also serve regular yogurt (not frozen), oatmeal, baked goods and Blue Bottle Coffee.You know you love me.  X0 X0, fro-yo girl.
a5QS6g30nM4q2XFGP6Po9g	Perfect place for an afternoon snack. My friend and I met up here the other day for an elephant spice chai and carnitas panini. Total? Less than $8! Both were delicious and easy on the wallet. The location is wonderfully convenient and it's fun to sit and eat by the fountain. I am definitely happier with the Coupa Cafe here instead of the one here before (moonbeans? don't even remember. that's how not memorable it was.)
KuvzKejeCzG34wPfZ8GOtw	Don't tell my husband, but I have fallen in love with the Elephant Vanilla Chai at Coupa Cafe.  I think about it all the time. But anyway.....other than the chai, I have gotten two things so far:1) blue cheese salad (with pears, apples, and pine nuts served with honey vinaigrette) - FANTASTIC2) blueberry muffin - eh.  It was kind of dry which was disappointing.I'm excited to go back and try more salads, some crepes, some paninis and even breakfast-for-lunch.
fsiYjIsgoFOcGAK5XjxnNw	I wish I could give them a good review, but their care was not good or responsible.I was referred to them by my doctor for a sports injury and I came in at least 8 times eager to learn how I could get better. The staff sent me to a different therapist each time I came in. I never had a consistent therapist for more than one session in a row and, as a result, nobody seemed to care if I improved. When I asked about this, I was told that Zaldy was my assigned therapist but he was on vacation for several weeks so I could not see him. I only saw Zaldy, supposedly my assigned therapist, once!  Each time I came in, I had to explain what was wrong with me to a new person. Each therapists spent maybe ten or fifteen minutes with me and then disappeared. When I had questions about the exercises or my injury, I did not get clear answers. It did not seem like people knew. I'm sure there are good people at MORE, but they really let me fall through the cracks. There was no individualized plan for me, little personal attention, and zero motivation and genuine concern for my improvement.  I ended up having to get surgery. I don't know if physical therapy would have helped or not, but this bad experience has made me very wary.
re3AdczLFP4D7xwI6DkBNA	My dad went here and when I was little we used to come up here a few times a month and walk around. When I was around 7 a family friend got married in the church. I remember eating my first malt balls at the bookstore.. and skipping along the outside corridor where all the graduated classes/their years are around a plaza. I have fond memories of this place... Now that I am an educator my students have come up here for the past six years to do their freshmen retreat. The housing staff has always been accommodating and great about checking in. The cafeteria folks have also been INCREDIBLY accommodating when we needed to get water or some ice from the dining hall. Folks go out of their way to ensure your stay is a good one if you are on the campus as a temporary resident. The educational programs here are stellar... the education department has some of the most influential educators of our time....
T4gJBo6jA9BbbwDZT8M-Fw	A new bar on campus that's not half bad.  Lots of seating, decent food, enough room to move around in, and clean bathrooms.  Bar serves up the usual drinks but go there when Chelsea's tending - she'll hook you up.  A welcome escape I'm sure for all the Stanford brats.
k4OdaJT9o5-LtbPCe7nlkw	Really enjoyed their goat cheese salad and caprese panini.If you visit coupa during peak lunch hour (12-1:30), expect to spend 30 minutes standing in line and waiting for food. If you order online, you can cut the time to 10-15 minutes. Their website often slows down significantly during lunchtime, so I'd recommend logging on a bit beforehand and specifying you want your food ready a bit later.An interesting observation ... the prices for the Y2E2 online are higher than the prices for the Green library location.... for the same items....
hQp0nRSrLobvX93a93YMew	A Monday afternoon institution, 3pm -6pm every week rain or shine.Longest standing pure house and electronic radio show in the Bay Area (90.1 KZSU Stanford University radio station).  Excellent local and international guest djs, killer interviews, generous giveaways... Jack and Miss Piggy always keep it fresh and funky.  My week just doesn't go right if I miss this show.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	aka the Y2E2 location on the Stanford Campus. This Coupa, tucked inside the new engineering quad, has both indoor as well as outdoor seating. They also have several "artificial hills" for seating.Great coffee. The caffeine content here can really give me a buzz. i usually treat myself to a half-caf so that I'm not bouncing off the walls too much. The lunch specials are $6.50 for a you-pick-two soup/salad/half-panini.My go-to: the salmon panini.Avoid: the chicken chipotle panini. It tends to come out dry with not enough chipotle sauce.
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	The signs on BOTH sides of the exterior of Cubberley building, then the trail of handwritten signs on every corner that you have to turn to get to the cafe, scream of desperation for visitation.  It's a lonely little place, buried in the basement of a building with a really majestic foyer, but an extremely cloistered corporate feel of a basement.  But they have diet root beer and Coke products!... unlike most places on campus.  And for a fairly reasonable price--$1 for a can.  The food looks good-- lots of baked goods, and they advertise a curry that I'll have to try sometime.I'll have to go back, not just for the Diet Coke value when I'm jonesing, but also because when I paid the cashier completely in dimes (I was originally looking for a vending machine!!), she didn't even look at me with a glimmer of passive-aggression.  How much more well-treated can you feel??
uPkCD4YtxhibudR2yo-YZQ	Good, not great, course, some interesting holes though the hole variation was not quite what I thought it would be.  Some boring holes for sure.  Conditions were decent but not truly private club quality, greens seemed somewhat chewed up and bumpy.  Been driving by it for over a year, read the 5 star Yelp reviews and it has driving me crazy to get out on it.  Maybe my expectations were too high, but it didn't inspire me.  Holes towards the end of the back nine were the most interesting with some cool vistas and the flow of the back nine unveils itself more naturally than the front.  The rough is deceptively wiry, play it back in the stance and don't expect to get full distance.  Would it be great to able to play often for not much money as a student?  Absolutely  Not sure it is a course I would pay $100 or more if it were a public or resort course though.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	Yay for 50 cent coffee! I come here almost everyday! I also dump loads of chocolate powder, cinnamon and nutmeg in mine. Can't beat the price!
2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ	Food: 2Decor: 3Service: 4Grabbed the falafel plate, 7 from here for lunch. Overall, pretty mediocre.They also had beef and lamb gyros, as well as chicken skewers. Chicken skewers were pre-cooked, and they didn't look too appetizing.
1P9BpFZ_d3PGCdytDTYJCw	There is no doubt in my mind that Ike's is a Stanford institution, sort of like their Linear Accelerator building or their famous Memorial church.  Maybe not on that grand of a scale, but it is still a place to go when on the amazing campus.  I see why the engineers from Stanford are so successful... they get to eat Ike's for lunch.My friends and I wandered around the Stanford campus until finally getting to our destination: Ike's.  They open at 10AM, and you can believe we were ready to eat disgustingly fatty sandwiches at 10AM on a Sunday.  It is kind of a hidden spot, and most doors are locked on the weekends, so we had to do some scavenging to actually get in.Most of the flavors just kind of melted together, but the sandwiches are definitely stick-to-your-ribs delicious.  Every order comes with a bag of chips, so you are not going to be at a lack of calories at Ike's.The Menage A Trois was a nice rich, BBQ style chicken sandwich with an abundance of cheese.  It is a great sugar and fat heavy poultry sandwich.  The Change is a bit on the rich side with gouda, onion rings, rib eye, and BBQ sauce.  The King Koopa had some hearty meatballs, jalapeno poppers, and mozzarella sticks; it was a great greasy mess.  There was also one with corned beef and the Godfather sauce; it was simple, but fatty and awesome.Sure, the ingredients are just greasy, fried, and messy, but in combination with the bread, they work.  The breads are thick, crusty, and dense.  What more do you need to support your artery-clogging sandwich interiors?Ike's is definitely a place to check out if you are in the Palo Alto area, and although the sandwiches tango on the fine line between genius and ridiculous, they definitely do the job.
vkLx9U874Lda5zR3Q9dgMQ	I love you, CoHo, but why did you change the great sort of coffee you had before? Now I don't order my used-to-be-favorite mocha... *sighs*. And please fix or invest in a new kitchen fan! My hairs and clothes are always smell like McDonalds when I leave. Overall, it's really good place to study while having a meal.
V4lfq57g-nbtmjHrTBt1Vw	I attended Stanford for my Master's. I picked it purely because it was, well, Stanford (I know, how deep and meaningful). I had never visited the campus or even the bay area for that matter. I came in with high expectations of academic rigor and that there'd be a lot of land (no issues with parking like I experienced formerly at UCLA--where I attended for undergrad). Since UCLA's landscape was much more vertical, I appreciated Stanford's campus for how widespread it is. However, I must admit that I am much more fond of UCLA's majestic buildings and consistent weather. On the other hand, Stanford does have the dish and other amazing places to run. As a runner (I run 3-4 miles every day), Stanford's campus and the surrounding areas offer many choices o balance your routine because it offers hills as well as flat trails.Going from a public school of 40,000 to 6,000 was a total paradigm shift. For one, whenever I called anyone at Stanford, a real person would pick up. I have never had to listen to an automated machine to select an option and then proceed from there. What stood out about Stanford and the bay area in general for me was how friendly the people were. In fact I liked the people so much I accepted a job up here and have not left. I don't plan on going back to southern california (where I grew up and went to school). I truly believe that Stanford was what got me to love the bay area so much. The people and faculty here are warm, helpful, and affable. I can't say enough good things about the students who attend Stanford and Bay Area folks. Of course, my opinions only extend to the graduate programs here becase I did not interact with any of the undergraduates.Why didn't I give it 5 stars? TWO WORDS: Student Loans =/
lI-hR8ftiw88t8lLqvsaXQ	This is one of the best shops in the area!  Just like the museum itself...a hidden gem.The selection, for such a small store, is amazing.  They have everything from art books, to history books on Stanford, to very cool toys, to jewelry, glassware, I could go on.  If you're looking for a creative gift, this is a great place to find it.  The jewelry is first class, fun and unique (where else can you find authentic Tuareg jewelry?).And the toys are enough to make a grown man jealous.  Why didn't we have that cool stuff when I was kid??The staff is also friendly.  They get to know their regulars and definitely know their products.
JjTusdmnjHxKe-Kqwr0YGA	I don't know how they do it.  I mean, how do you make a sandwich that's literally dripping with sauce and liquid and stuff so that the bread is soaked and wet but the halal chicken remains dry and tough.  I just do not understand.  Must be some sort of new modern sandwich technology.This location, summer or not, has always been fairly busy when I've visited.  They have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options, but few that don't involve some sort of breaded and fried product of extreme unhealthiness.Lots of topping choices, interesting sauces, even more interesting names.  I can see why it's a popular place ... sort of.  But for me it's just okay.  Too much sauce, too messy, and not worth the wait.You *can* call ahead and order if you don't mind being on hold, and they don't decide they're too busy.  And they stock some of the more popular options in the vending machine around the corner if you're really in a hurry.But this is not anywhere near sandwich perfection, at least in my experience.
GEu83t4SjJ5S7SdoGkZIDg	I love Coupa Cafe @ Green Library! It has such a fun atmosphere during the day and everyone's there to take a break from studying. I love their elephant chai lattes, bruschetta, and crepes! Their pancakes are also amazing! I gave up going to Coupa Cafe and chai lattes for Lent and I am just dying, but it attests to the amazingness of Coupa!
x7ZcBu9-EEWxRNofZBkI6A	I swear, this place has the best sandwiches!My first time there, I met Ike.He was very friendly and even gave me a free sandwich.I have no idea how i did it, but I ate 3 full sandwiches.Will definitely go back when I go visit SF once again.
WWtAeYZHlo5bEE5fg6LjXg	Coupa Cafe offers single estate Venezuelan coffee and it's by far the best coffee I've ever had. I used to work at the GSB and often came here for breakfast, lunch, or to caffeinate. They have really good chocolate chips scones and chocolate croissants. I recommend the Goat Cheese Salad for a light lunch. Also, the baristas and staff are really friendly, and many of them speak Spanish!+ Do order the Spicy Mocha or Tiger Spice Chai
yGFZh1EtFl4U0iAIU7X3lg	The Coho is awesome! From a student group perspective, they really pulled through in catering for our event. They were generous, prompt, and the sandwiches they were amazing! Especially their special chicken cranberry sandwich!! Definitely recommend the wonderful staff (shout out to Rocio and Megan) for their awesome teamwork!
PjYaEnWRFB7uogiAeaXQQA	I was very sad to learn today that Moonbean's is closing down by the end of June.  I loved the location and I loved the service/people and I loved the food and coffee and pastries/desserts.  As much as I love Coupa, I think they're fine where they are (in Y2E2, less crowded and worth the trip) and should leave this location for Moonbean's!!  But alas, my laments are too late, and there's probably nothing I can do about it.. I guess I won't be here for the change anyway?  My hope is that they'll be able to open up somewhere else that's just as nice on campus!  Anyway, I thought that I would write a review to commemorate how awesome Moonbean's is before it's gone :(.
vSovcCCC-3_Ugf3dwDQqBQ	Ike's has THE BEST sandwiches around. I've been traveling across the bay to Ike's in sf for awhile now, and when I first heard about Ike's opening up in Stanford I was extremely excited. I've been working at SLAC during my summers, so I often like to take an extended lunch break and head over to fulfill my cravings since the first week they opened.Every sandwich is delicious, fresh, and made exactly the way you want it. They have plenty of choices for drinks and chips on the side, and always give you a caramel apple lollipop with every order.Although the menu provided here is not as large as the sf location, so far I've been able to order all the items I could from the sf location if you know what your looking for. Big plus is the line is always pretty short, longest I've ever waited from the end of the line til I got my sandwich was half an hour, and that's considering the line almost going out the door and making every order fresh.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	The Arrillaga family has been incredibly generous to Stanford, and I'm truly appreciative of their philanthropy.  Some of the Arrillaga facilities, like the new Dining Commons or the Alumni Cafe are outstanding.  I certainly mean no disrespect when I say this, but sadly, the gym is sub-par.Overall, the primary issues are:1. Lack of a locker room with showers2. Too small for the population (always overcrowded)3. Outdated machinery, especially treadmills that constantly overhead4. Slow maintenance time (especially treadmills)5. Lack of several types of machines, especially for the core (abs, lower back, obliques)6. Limited yoga/stretching space7. No towel service, so everything is dirty and gross, and they don't clean often8. No thick pads for various core workouts9. Dark, gloomy, underground, only one window10. Not enough multi-purpose benches11. Not enough free weights between 30 and 40 lbsI get access to the gym for free as a student, but I still choose to pay for a gym membership off campus.  And no - the gym is not "free" folks, it's "prepaid" in your tuition bill.
WB6PzbGBctXigAASvT9BZA	go stanford!!! fear the tree!!!
6kynMLGb_Nb4qyPihZvyYw	I would actually give this place 3.5 stars but we all know that's not possible so I have erred on the side of generosity. A little confused since the website menu calls things by different names than what the dishes were called in the restaurant but I had a portobello panini (hold the cheese), my date had a tuna croissant and we shared a salad with mango, avocado, etc. Prices were fair and portions were pretty big. I loved the bread on my sandwich (didn't find it greasy but then I have a high grease threshold) and the mushrooms were flavorful. I was really impressed that they were able to make my panini without cheese and not have it either fall apart or be bone-dry. The salad had really fresh ingredients- the only complaint was that it stated spring mix greens and it was more than half iceberg which sucked. Nice and low key inside too...
VoSRkkKzLEPkfXTq-KBNQA	Kinda hard to find this place based on the address (don't believe the marker on your iphone, it's on the OTHER side of the Engineering Building.  I ended up circling the area even though I was allegedly standing right where the map said it was supposed to be, so that was annoying.Aside from that though, the sandwiches are pretty close to the level expected from the SF location, but not quite.  Seems like there's less sauce and a little smaller than the Castro flagship.  Also, they don't throw in the Dirty Chips with your order, so that was a little disappointing.  That being said, the sandwiches are still really good, and if you can't make it to SF, this'll more than meet your Ike's craving.
4SzBoG7EbYhsynUNXyDB1w	After hearing a bunch of my friends rave about this place, I finally got to try Ike's sandwiches today at Stanford. There are so many bad reviews about this location because of various reasons....but because I've never been to the Redwood city location, I think this place deserves better than the 2-3 stars that it's been getting. Pros:+THE SANDWICHES: definitely amazing and one of the best sandwiches that I've ever had. My friend and I shared the MENAGE A TROIS and the SPIFFY TIFFY. Honestly I liked the spiffy tiffy a bit more, because it just tasted more unique. Reminded me a bit of a salad....with the spinachy taste from the sauce. maybe because i'm not the hugest fan of bbq, so the menage was just aite. I mean it was SUPER DELICIOUS still, but I think I would try other ones next time. Downside is they ran out of dutch crunch bread! And because I got it to go...it wasn't as hot as it could be to make it taste like heaven.+CHOICE OF SIDES: ok ppl said that they only serve half sandwiches with the choice of chips/fruits on the side. I dont think it's not a good idea. I would rather have variety. But today they actually DO SERVE FULL SIZE sandwiches for $10+, along with chips/fruits on the side plus a caramel apple pop. i thought it was interesting. I also think the chips are super tasty. THe fusion one all the way man!!+Now with the option of ordering half or full size, and dude the full size IS huge. I felt my stomach exploding after eating an entire full size sandwich O__o+SIT DOWN AREA: heard the redwood city location doesn't have seating. This place does, and it's comfortableCons:+Parking: yes parking is metered parking in the garages, but it's not THAT bad. I paid 50 cents for 20min. Just ordered and got it to go. Definitely good for Stanford students+Super hard to find. THere are no signs outside the building. It's not located too fat into the campus, but it's in a random octagon building that doesn't even SAY Ike's on it, so you have to ask around to find it.Overall, it IS pretty pricey for just sandwiches. But then again, Ike's isn't just any regular sandwich. Something about the "dirty sauce" just makes it so amazing. Definitely not something I'd eat too regularly though, as I feel like I gained so many pounds after consuming it all!
TbjFvek74Qrg7qAuxZ9OPw	It's a subway. Wahoo. Don't come here unless you're a student, because all the options are overpriced because students at Stanford don't really care.
Ziz1dBhYulEfv98sPj9NIw	Pretty good sandwich, though I don't know if I'd rave about it as highly as most other people do. I try to be adventurous with their sandwiches every time I go, and I've yet to be disappointed.Now their line... it's ridiculously long, and probably not for good reason, as I don't need to be sweet-talked while I'm ordering my food. However, they have an iPhone app to let you order your sandwich ahead of time, so it's no longer been an issue for me. They always set you up nice with chips/fruit and a drink, and of course their caramel apple lollipops (I'm not gonna lie, it's a huge part of the appeal for me!).Prices of their sandwiches are a bit high for the half, but if you get the full, its a pretty good deal, so go for it and save the other half if necessary!
lzRcx4un0JLz2-iIZPgiHA	Why does it take them so long to make a simple sandwich? I know Ike's is popular and the line can be out the door, but I come here at dinner when there is no line, and it still takes them 20 minutes to assemble my sandwich. What are they doing in the back? Do they have to humanely kill the halal chicken? Are they baking the bread? I just don't understand what takes them so long.The sandwiches are pretty decent, but nothing to rave about. From reading the other reviews, you would think that Ike invented the sandwich. My vote for best sandwich purveyor in the greater Palo Alto area goes to Village Cheese House.Final tip: get the halal chicken.
xIQ5W6a9W5R3JkZ_6tmA-g	yaaaaay! ike heard mine and a million other's cry for the full order sandwich. now i can have some for lunch and save the rest for dinner. THANKS IKE!!!!
esmmatPzOGnYIuj-2zZrsQ	I love this little cafe in the bookstore but the bathrooms are horrible!
5h26mx-963Rgc6F6hAIUVw	A lot of people don't know where you can go for a cheap good haircut with nice conversation.  At Stanford hair, you get just that.  The Men's basic cut is around $15.  The hairdressers are knowledgeable and able to give you what you want.
oLkQ-SEX2UHJvnxYgoW_pA	We love Ike's.  If there's a better sandwich place, we haven't found it. We usually park near Stanford Shopping Center and walk over.  Parking on campus can be difficult, especially when classes are in.  Duh!Be sure to check out the entire menu online before you go.  They're are often busy, but also efficient and friendly!  Outdoor seating is available....a must for us!
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	Its a coffee cart. That's all. Its kind of slow, too. The best thing is that if you're feeling super lazy and you don't want to walk to Tressider or the Alumni Cafe or the Law school, you can get a snack here.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	ABCD Season One, Episode One: "Cup'a Joe."Conversation overhead here. Loosely translated.A: Wow, great coffee in an awesome location: open air, sun, nearby fountain, seats in the shade, and nice menu choices for a light lunch. B: Hmmm .... Moonbeams was better. Had more charm and character. They were outbid by this mini-chain that is taking over the Stanford campus faster than Hugo Chavez claimed the presidency for life.A: What? That's just lefty, bleeding-heart remorse for a bygone era. Coupa won this spot fair and square. They were willing to pay more, and winner takes all. Come on, it's just two locations on campus and their flagship store in Palo Alto. It's not like they staged a coup or anything.B: Don't mock my pain! I miss Moonbeams. If only Michael Moore were here right now, he'd show you. His next film should be about how coffee chains have taken over the caffeine business and are running small stores with quirky charm and fairly-traded beans into the ground.A: Really? You can get Blue Bottle at Fraiche, and Danesi espresso at Tootsie's. And fair trade at CoHo, jazz music too. It's all good, baby! Don't be knocking the free market. Adam Smith would not be pleased. This round is on me, and my leetle friend, the Invisible Hand ... (holds up one palm like a Nazi salute). And look around, comrade. This ain't exactly Flint, Michigan. B: Flint has better weather, it's true (smirks). And Adam Smith would NOT like Coupa. All that caffeine would make his Invisible Hand too jittery. But maybe their elephant vanilla chai, though ... it's sooo good. Sinfully delicious! It's the real opiate of the masses, I think. Good thing I'm not religious. Anymore. C: Excuse me, my son just started at Stanford this year. Class of 2014, we're all so proud of him! Which coffee place should he choose? This one seems really popular. (Lowers his voice). Do you know if .... Dr. Rice orders her coffee here? B: It's next to the freakin' library, you know. Location, location, location. It's textbook Ricardo. Even Condi knows that.C: Ricky Ricardo? From I Love Lucy? That Dezi was so hilarious! Is he Venezuelan? A: From Cuba, actually. But his family left even before Castro. And don't listen to my capitalist-bashing friend. All you need to know you can watch on rerun television or YouTube.D: Hi honey! (Kisses C).  How's the coffee here? It's so adorable, and all those helpful staff who speak Spanish. Maybe our son (he's a student here, you know) should take some more of those foreign language classes. Then he could order his coffee like the locals do. Wouldn't that be just super bueno? How do you say "platinum preferred" in Spanish, I wonder ...B: And pay $3 for a latte? Hardly. More like picking beans for a measly minimum wage. Try ordering coffee on that!A: Please ... you're a graduate student at Stanford, not some barricadista fighting for the rights of the indigenous peaberry picker. Drink your coffee or go home, you Marx-loving Yanqui!B: Well, OK. But I prefer the chai, really ... The tea leaves must be organic, right? A: Riiiiiiight ... But don't ask about the cows. They're non-union, I'll bet. Next time, order it without the milk. Cows of the world, unite! (mockingly moos the Internationale).C: What time is Lucy on? It's getting late. Time to go home, dear. D: But I want to stay and finish my coffee first. And stay they did.
-Hxvjz-t5ttsuH6H1osA4A	I've only used the pharmacy at Vaden, as I have a primary care physician at PAMF (much like Adrienne H.), but the few times that I have visited, I've found nothing to fault.Big bonus points to the staff at Vaden-- both those who interact with patients on the health level, and also the ones who answer questions regarding basic things about Vaden, insurance issues, etc.  I had a super positive experience with one of the insurance advisers (Cardinal Care has improved a lot over the years, IMO), and a decent ones with the pharmacist.  Really, nothing to complain about.3 stars because I've never had to make an appointment or see an actual physician here, and most of my happy feelings about this place are due to the handling of my questions about insurance related things.
i2RFGTStp9SAQUWyvwq-iA	To whom it may concern,I've hired Carlos for years now for my parties. When my party is big enough, he's the guy I call. This was before he started Stanford's Bartender when he was a lone agent just delivering awesome bartending. When he told me he started a new company based on what he does so well, I was very happy for him.Stanford's Bartender can be entrusted to deliver a phenomenal party. After years I've learned that he will deliver exactly what he said he will and excels at creating really fun professionally delivered bartending service to my guests. He has also helped me create themes, drink lists and grocery lists that have helped me be more efficient and save me thousands of $$, I have absolutely no problem giving him 5 stars and I am sure that you will feel the same way. After 16 years of entertaining at home and using dozens of other services and expensive big companies I'm very happy to have found Carlos and I highly recommend him and his new SB company. Don't try and use him on a night I need him. Carlos, remember who gets priority! Shawn RefouaDirector, Sf Mixology
kOVxC6FyaxQdxkhsztnd7Q	The food is pretty good though the menu is small. The price is right but the "Thai Nazi" terrifies me. It's just like in the Seinfeld episode with the soup Nazi. You have to be completely prepared when you get to the front of the line, tell her exactly what you want, give her your money, and step aside. Intimidating but somehow it makes the food better because you feel like you earned it. Of the options on campus, it's definitely the fastest (depending on the length of the line), the cheapest, and the tastiest. Just make sure you go with someone who's been before until you can get the process down!
JwQ8oI5iXKaqfBgZSpm19Q	The architecture is romantic, beautiful, and just lovely. I do believe this is a wonderful choice of setting for pictures especially for couples. I just did a session a week ago with my clients in their wedding attires & it was wonderful even though it was a very hot day that day.
Hekybfu3D8elNcBNRB9Bbg	Painfully slow service. It just isn't worth the wait. Keep checking in once in a while to see if things have changed but no luck.
XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFw	Someone once told me that Stanford's own Subway franchise is the highest-revenue Subway in the entire country! I have no clue whether that's true, but honestly, I'd believe it; it seems like the lines are always pretty long here. Fortunately, though, the wait is never too bad as they have three or so people working on sandwiches, so they get through people much quicker.There are also some very friendly workers here at this Subway. One man in particular is very enthusiastic and outgoing. He'll happily dance around and sing "FIVE DOLLAR FOOTLONGS!" if you happen to order one, or when I've placed an order for a buffalo chicken, he'll immediately shout out "One buffalo BWAK BWAK!" It certainly keeps things lively here, and fun even at a relatively banal place like Subway.I hate to say it, but I honestly think I prefer Subway even to the vaunted Ike's in the Huang Engineering Center. I don't think the quality of the food at Ike's is all that much better, and it's certainly offset by the higher prices at Ike's as well as the very long waits (even after you work your way through the very long lines at Ike's, and place your order, it's still another 15 or 20 minutes before they have your sandwich prepared).That's not to say that Subway is good, so much as Ike's is overpriced and overrated. In the end, Subway is Subway.Of course, there's nothing to be thrilled about, but it is a good standby when you're looking for sandwiches for a picnic or a quick lunch.I've tried many of their sandwiches; here are a few quick notes if it helps you to make your next selection:- Spicy Italian/Italian BMT: basically the same sandwich, except that the Italian BMT has Black Forest ham in addition to Genoa Salami and pepperoni. The Spicy Italian, on the other hand, has no ham and instead has extra amounts of Salami and pepperoni. Personally, I prefer the Spicy Italian, as I like the spiced meats more than the unspiced ham, but whatever your preference is!TIP (for these two sandwiches): I really like it with the marinara sauce that they use for the meatball sub. Just ask and they'll put it on. Also, remember that they have parmesan and oregano back behind the counter; these help to add a few more Italian flavors to the Italian sandwiches. My choice of cheese would be the Monterrey cheddar; when you combine this with the marinara sauce and the pepperoni, you almost have a pizza for a sub!- Buffalo Chicken: this is another one of my favorite flavors. Remember to ask for the buffalo sauce at the end (yes, the chicken has some sauce coated on it, but it's not nearly enough of a kick if you really like your Buffalo flavor!)- Steak and Cheese: a decent option, although let's face it, Subway doesn't do it like Philly. This may sound weird, but I like it with a bit of chipotle sauce to give it an extra kick.- Meatball marinara: Meh, don't really care for it. Their meatballs aren't very good.- Sweet onion chicken teriyaki: I don't like this one either; it is faaaarrr too sweet for my tastes.Well, those should be enough tips to get you started! Although Subway may not exactly be thrilling, one thing that I like about it is that you get to customize your sandwich to your tastes, with your choice of fix-ins and what-not.Best of luck!
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	This place has been described to me as a Thai food truck, but I'd say its more generally Asian or Chinese influenced.  It definitely has some Thai dishes, including the green and red curries, but it also has eggrolls, potstickers, fried rice, and even samosas and steamed vegetables.   I came here for lunch today and I wasn't super impressed.   The best thing it has going for it is value: its easy to get a decent meal for $3-$5 (and no tax) and you get a heaping portion for around $6.   Its also nice if you're really just looking for a light lunch or snack, because you just pay for what you take.    I found the food pretty greasy, though and didn't think it had much flavor, other than the grease.  It wasn't terrible, but on a campus that has so many food options, I'm not sure I'm in a big rush to go back.  I was disappointed that they didn't have pad thai, which Yelpers have mentioned (my fiance has been here a bunch and says he's never seen it, so it seems like they don't have it that often anymore, if ever).
N3SLh3dm_u610Ab3rBkx9Q	Another Coupa!Seems like a small place but they do have a fully working kitchen in back.Recommend the arepa's since they come with side salad that has a delicious creamy (but light) lemon dressing.No atmosphere however.  Four-Four and a half stars for coffee and food, one star for ambiance. Not that much seating either, but you can sit on some grassy mounds.
b7eH1R1h6VK1P7BiLdDz7A	This facility beats all other facilities. It's so pristine and I feel like I should be super clean to enter. Plus they have plastic baggies for your umbrella so you won't cause further harm to patient's or their family.  Anyway, I had no trouble finding this place because the oncology counselor (Niki Chun) asked for my email and sent me directions. My brother had a hard time finding this place and when my mom used to come here, she'd also have a hard time. The self parking is free for the first 45 minutes but I highly doubt anyone goes uses this garage for only 45 minutes; anyway, after that it's $6 for 6 hours and then $12 for the whole day. When I went, the parking wasn't so bad but if you can find parking, you can always do valet because they have it and it costs $8. Anyway, I had an appointment at Clinic F which is all the way down. I passed the harp player and they even have cookies and coffee! As I are doing my co-payment, the woman discusses about privacy and even gives me a few sheets of paper about Stanford's patient confidentiality if and when there's a 3rd party involved and whatnot about confidentiality. There wasn't enough seats because there are a lot of people in the waiting area and in the area in the hallway until I noticed a spot in Clinical E. Clinic E and F's waiting room is combined. First off, I have a very strong CA (cancer) gene in my family and one of my parents did genetic counseling. It's about $1000 to find a specific gene that's mutated and causes the cancer. It's basically a blood test but they look at your DNA patterns. Even though the counselor explained DNA sequence with diagrams and pictures and everything to show me and tried to simplify it but some of it went over my head. Anyway, after that $1000 test that was done, any of my family members can look for that specific gene error, which is what I had done.And Standford gives you this card that has your medical record. It's like a credit card so it's easy to scan and your record will come up.
8o-P54348nQR_9PgyMM1tA	Extreamly great sandwich. Location kinda sucks.It took me about 1/2 an hour of walking all around Standford's campus to find this place, there are no signs and nothing marked on any maps on campus. When I finally got there I noticed that the line was really long, I see this as a good thing, the longer the line the better the food in most cases. I finally get to the register and place an order for a Matt Cain, it took about another 10 minutes to get my sandwich but it was worth the wait, first it was huge, all warm and gooey cheesyness, piled high with two kinds of meats on fresh dutch crunch bread. It was pure awesomeness and I was pretty full the rest of the day, way too much food. My only other problem with place is they lack fountain drinks, though root beer in a bottle is great I ran out of soda halfway through my sandwich.
eMAmkqtFhhqkzTWKcsARSw	First time here and ordered the portabello mushroom wrap. The mushrooms were nicely seasoned and overall taste of the wrap pretty good. For $6 (inc tax) its a bit pricey for the portions you get. The atmosphere is pretty cool, but too dim and stuffy for me. Around lunchtime, the place is pretty packed.
UifIElbaR3_awum1uJ1Qtg	I cannot say enough nice things about this facility. The nurse who called to schedule my appointment was kind, thorough and professional and took the time to ease my fears. I did not have to drag with me any medical records, pill bottles or any other nonsense some other places require. They did all that legwork for me. Even with all the construction going on, it was easy to find the facility and park. My wait time was short and after a quick weight and blood pressure exam, my wonderful doctor was in to see me. Dr. Kim Rhoads is by far the best doctor I have ever been to, and I have seen a lot of doctors. She took the time to read over my entire case and discuss every itty bitty detail, answer all my questions, my husband's questions with a down to earth attitude that eased my fear completely. I was scared to death and in tears before she arrived. Best physician I have ever had. My exams were made to be as painless as possible, she took the time to explain everything that she was doing. Dr. Rhoads provided us with a wealth of knowledge, solid practical advice, and a list of physical therapists.The cafe there is well priced and healthy. (with gluten free options)Like a previous poster, I too hope not to go back, but I am glad I went.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Some places just fit perfectly into their natural surroundings as if they had been there for an eternity.That is how I feel about this sculpture garden at Stanford, the most unusual and comforting and reflective place you are ever likely to discover on a 21st century university campus. And it's just blocks away from student dorms, dining halls, laboratories, classrooms, parking lots, and the rest. But when you are here, they just seem to fade away, as if they were merely figments of your overworked imagination. Like superficial marks temporarily tainting the land, they will soon pass into nothingness, slipping slowly into the void of failing mortal memory. But somehow, this garden and its irresistible inhabitants feel like they will remain. They would appear to be built of sturdier, more sacred stuff. They were created when a group of stonecutters, woodcarvers, and artists from Papua New Guinea came to Palo Alto on the invitation of the university to decorate an otherwise uninspiring part of the campus. So these are not "exotic" or "primitive" pieces bought/collected/looted from the Pacific islands. They were constructed on-site by modern masters of their craft, exactly for the trees and underbrush and shady open spaces that they found. That's part of what I love so much about the garden: it is not a site for displaying ethnographic objects taken from their indigenous context. They BELONG at Stanford, they are PART of Stanford, they are natural and awesome reflections on themes shared by the whole of humanity: love, desire, despair, deep thought, lust, greed, danger, humor, and sadness. The garden contains numerous depictions of animals and of humans and animals interconnected. Sometimes the images are frightful, exposed skeletons and less-than-subtle reminders of death. Others are maternal, and some are just plain adorable, like stone and wood muppets that Jim Henson would have be proud to have known.There are so many images to be seen here, so many thoughts to run through your head, so many places to just sit down, relax, breath, and unplug from the WiFi world. I like to curl up on a bench next to the Thinker, who was loosely modeled on Auguste Rodin's own version. Except this Thinker is more real, more approachable, you can see the wood cuts and sanding marks, he is naked and raw, wondering how the world will change next, trying to figure out his counter-moves. He's gorgeous. He's inspiring. He's my thought companion and lunchtime listener. You can read a good book with him watching over you, lost in his own world of dreams and desires (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8SkRnP_ynhWFielAppKGpg?select=W_jOx9dMgjOcoo7_EU2LTg).Yelp was meant for celebrating great things like this. And for sharing the secret with others. I hope that you have your own sculptured sanctuary of  seclusion where you can slip away sometimes from the world for a few welcome moments. But if not, there is always room for a few more thinkers here, like me and my favorite Californian-New Guinean friend (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8SkRnP_ynhWFielAppKGpg?select=xAxKlmhrLtLKOKUWPR5o8g).
iCYMf_sHRevmzWg8la-LVw	This is my 2nd visit to this bank. I only have an account with them because of my HSA account I have for my insurance. It's a small but cute bank, and there's even a small play area for children. The parking lot is a bit small, but manageable, as I assume not too many people use this bank, except for nearby Stanford students. My first time there, I was there forever and a day. Even their employees that answer the phone (not this particular branch, but the general #) are a bit rude and slow. My deposit took longer than it would have at a major bank, but it could've been as I was making an HSA contribution, not sure. Luckily, I don't think I'll have to make any more visits here, as I should be able to do everything through our ATM machine nearby.
azenhsJVTPxlFp8P1GfEeQ	Nice driving range when you go when it is not busy it seems (we went around 9-10am). They only have mats and a few of them are on slanted ground so avoid those! The price is reasonable to Stanford and non-Stanford affiliates. However, I cannot comment much because this was my first time at a driving range, and I look forward to finding more ranges to practice on.
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	Ike's would be great if they could get your freaking order right. They always forget any add-ons you request like jalapeno poppers. I think they've gotten it right once in the 4 or 5 times we've been there. They also take a while to make the sandwiches.That being said, I love the sandwiches. We've introduced many people here, and they all like it as well. We like to come to Stanford on a Sunday afternoon with our dog and get some Ike's.
viaNzWKM_Itfx8vMUWe_Bg	Food is ok, wouldn't choose this place for lunch but late night is when Axe and Palm comes into its own. You are at your office, slaving away at 12:30 am. You begin to feel a little woozy and and then you realise that you haven't eaten in 12 hours. This is when an Axe and Palm burger and fries taste like manna from heaven.Undoubtedly the best option for grad students in need of a quick calorie injection while putting in late nights at the office/lab.Axe and Palm: thanks for playing a little part in helping me tape my chip out (and hence graduate) on time!
m6VbqnZ0Pq-mhjtQvoY65w	Halal never tasted so dirty. While their pulled chicken is soft and juicy, Ike's "dirty sauce" is what makes the sandwiches. Go with the Dutch Crunch bread for a nice contrast of textures. The caramel apple candy included with every order will def get you sprung.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	It used to be so much cooler before the remodel. What was all that money for anyway? They didn't do anything. Now there are fences and guards and special blocked off seats for the high muckymuck donors so you can't even get close to the floor like you used to.Stanford has gone corporate in everything now. We used to have season tickets for basketball but dropped them due to the crazy prices and poor teams.And what's with the redcoat ushers anyway? They treat everybody like they are Osama Ben Laden himself. Relax, old dudes. Lighten up will ya. All the kids want to do is slap hands with the players.It used to be so low key before and fun. Now forget it. High security. High Prices. Crummy teams.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	I *live* in this gym, basically.  Well, I live here from the moment they open at 6 am Monday - Friday until I'm done with one of my workouts; elliptical, stairs, rowing, weights, TRX or treadmill runs for marathon or half marathon training.  It's a five minute walk from my office on the Stanford campus.  It is a rare and wonderful benefit and honestly, I would seriously evaluate leaving my job for a *better* one, JUST based on the free access I have to this facility.Upstairs there is a rock climbing facility, basketball courts, and a big, beautiful yoga studio.  Ive taken a few yoga classes here and the facility is warm, comfortable, clean and offers classes for a wide range of people.Most days I head straight down to the basement gym for an hour or two's worth of workout on the equipment.  I spend a good hour on cardio machines (they offer Lifefitness and Precor machines) before heading across the gym to the free weights or the nautilus machines.They also offer mats for post workout stretching (don't forget to stretch people!) and the gym is air conditioned, high ceilinged, mirrored on one side and with glass windows on the far end...resulting in a very open and non-claustrophobic experience.The eye candy at the gym is great....amazingly muscled men picking up heavy things and grunting. Oh joy.  What a way to start my day.  ;)
Frfw2iHeAFfsWPTZBj6yvg	The pizza, though neither thick nor thin, was pretty fulfilling. But at $3.50-$4.00 per slice, you may be left feeling a little light in the wallet. This is not for homeless people.
MY4FaqaLYL3S6--SjEWuaw	OH....MY....GOD! This seriously has to be the best sandwich place in the bay area. These things are HUUUUUUGE! They do not skimp on any of the ingredients on any of the sandwiches. I heard about the wait one has to go through if you go during their busy hours, so I went right when they opened. Only waited about 10-15 min for my sandwich, which is reasonable, considering I split the monstruous Doomsday sandwich with my buddy. Wanted to go big the first time I went there. HOLY S#@*! This sandwich was MASSIVE but so good. It had like every meat available PLUS they added jalapeno poppers. One of their Superman sandwiches is good for two people (minimum). Trust me.Definitely coming here more often. If waiting is not your thing then don't come here because this place gets seriously packed. The staff does their best, but the shear volume of people that comes to Ike's is mind-boggling. But seriously, it's worth the wait.
c9-jEIfBnLa4iNHxVmXAHA	||V       (That's a period, the only thing needed for this review.) .
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	A lot of equipment that always gets replaced. But small and often cramped.
jBsKWiJ5z61xAaTCGvKvdw	I love this bike shop for their service department, and you will too. Let's face it, everyone's getting their bikes tuned up right now because gas is way too pricey and bikes have suddenly become a hot commodity. Nevertheless, Campus Bikes was willing to do a tune up and chain replacement on my bike for an extremely good price in a reasonable amount of time. They gave me sound advice and didn't try to oversell me. On top of that I talked them into giving me a loaner bike for three days, which is perfect because I like to drive as little as possible.The only reason I can't give Campus Bikes a five is that I can't, in good conscience, give a bike shop a five star rating with such a limited selection of product. The breadth of their product line is not very wide--their inventory is primarily for-comfort cruisers and hybrids with some mountain bikes scattered in the mix, and they've got a weird affinity for Jamises I can't quite figure out.Honestly though, if you're a Stanford student and are just looking for a set of wheels to get you around campus, their inventory will probably have just what you need, and that's what it's designed for.In any case, four stars for service alone. If you don't have free service because your bike is used or just older, this is the place to get it tuned up.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	After hearing that Ike's was less than a 10 minute walk from my office on the Stanford campus, I had to check it out. I made the smart move and parked in the structure on Via Ortega so I could be that much closer. I knew it was in the newest engineering building, but I didn't know which part to find it in. It would be helpful if they put out a sandwich board (no pun intended) out front for people to find the place during off-peak times.I went around 3:30, no line at all. I don't know what i was expecting, but I surely wasn't expecting two small counters that were right in front of the kitchen. There were no signs to show me that this was the place so I walked forward to the register. Luckily the girl working there took pity on my puzzled face and offered me a menu. Whoa - that didn't help - there's way too many sandwiches to choose from! So after perusing for several minutes & giving up, I asked the girl what she recommended. She said that the menage a trois was the most popular - so I ordered it. The pricing is confusing on the menu - it didn't say that the prices were for 1/2 sandwiches. So when I asked for a full size, she rang up $12.95 instead of $6.95. I was like - are you serious? $12.95 for a sandwich?!?So I went with a half menage a trois on dutch crunch for $6.95 and a drink. Apparently sandwiches come with either a bag of chips or fruit. The drink coolers were almost empty so the selection was disappointing. Not thrilled with my "chocolate" iced tea but I was thirsty. Normally, the cheap-o in me would give a thumbs down for $9 for a sandwich meal deal.... however...When I sat down and ate my sandwich, it totally rocked my socks. No joke. The amalgamation of the halal chicken (reminded me of tender, shredded rotisserie chicken), smoked gouda, honey, honey mustard and the mind-blowing "dirty sauce" put me in sammie heaven. The dirty sauce reminds me of the garlic sauce they use at Mr. Pickles sandwich shop - which I really like as well.So I'm putting this place in my once in a while super treat file. I do want to try other sandwiches, but I don't think I can afford it all the time (money and waistline-wise).PS: Ike - could you include some chips that aren't fried in peanut oil? I'm not allergic but a lot of people are.
4_fkSSTFYEUXYPhtpbsAJw	The people here are just superb and really really nice!  They are very helpful, playful, yet will help you with any transaction professionally.  Come here if you want to actually enjoy your banking experience.
WZYjAsWPzXet90BgKN_1rg	Highway robbery on Stanford Campus!Granted, Nexus Cafe offers greater variety and food of superior quality compared to other campus options, BUT $17 for salad from the salad bar is unjustified! I refuse to pay that much for glorifed cafeteria food.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	I'm taking away a star because we drove to Stanford Sunday afternoon to see the women's soccer match only to find out that they are now charging for it. Last year it was free.Once you give something away, you can never charge for it again without making people mad. We were mad. $7.00 per person to see a girls game against Pacific. Forget it. We just walked away and went home.Still a fan of Stanford but it's just another thing that they have done wrong over the past 5 years and the negatives are adding up quickly. The good old Stanford days are almost gone now and I fear gone forever.
XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFw	Honestly, I miss MoonBean's, which used to be in this location. MoonBean's was one of my favorites, and Coupa just hasn't lived up to my prior expectations.Service here is friendly enough, although they're usually just trying to pedal you through so that they can get to the next customer standing in the line stretching out into the space outside the library.Metal chairs and tables are set up around the area where you can sip your coffee outdoors, and enjoy the red fountain spraying water just outside of the Green Library.As for the food and beverages...I have ordered tea and hot chocolate there in the past, but I honestly don't remember how it was, and it's so seldom when I order their beverages, so this review will be entirely on the food. Obviously the tea and hot chocolate doesn't impress me enough to want to order it more, but short of that, I can't remember my precise objections to it.Unfortunately, the food leaves a lot to be desired, as most of it is pretty underwhelming. I think my favorite one so far, one that can't be screwed up, is the ham and cheese crepe. In the past, I've had the smoked salmon crepe as well, and it's just pretty bland. Nothing really brings out the smokiness of the salmon. I've also had their goat cheese salad, which is just okay. The goat cheese is the highlight of it, but even that doesn't have a very strong flavor, the way that goat cheese should.I truly do wish the salads were a bit better, as I do like salads, and could use the vegetables during the day! But, c'est la vie...
ngBkscOYESlO9GMQLAm1zA	This is a quick eat joint.  I remember this food truck used to park next to the Tressider Memorial Union around lunch for only a couple of hours during the weekday.  It used to be $5 for a plate that you can add whatever you want.  I guess it got more expensive now :(.  I always only put in those thick noodles and orange chicken; the other stuff always looked a little too sketchy for my stomach.  Grab your food and eat/watch TV inside the Tressidor.Gourmet it is not, but it is appealing to the lazy students who do not want to go back to his/her dorm to eat.
MlKAJcxlTzrJtgwg3qtTPg	Ray's is WAY better than the 750. If you're a grad student, this is a much-needed addition to the east side of campus. You can work there in the morning over coffee, and switch to beer at 5pm. And you can eat there and the food is good. What more can you ask from a grad student coffee house that sells beer?
1WfaAbWC06QDnb59vqnEZw	They probably made me the worst garden salad I've ever had.  For around 8 bucks, all I got was a poorly made side salad.  The ham and cheese both come in cubes.  Whoever designed this ish needs to go on Bottom Chef.To end on a nice note, I will say that this place looks much cooler in its current incarnation.  I enjoy the caricatures of famous Stanford alums on the wall.
LOKBrpZFR_rWiEkuULrLgQ	This place definitely has its plusses and minuses.  The main plus is that it's conveniently located on campus and has reasonable food as well as a decent beer selection that's fairly priced ($4/pint last time I was there).  The hop shortage and rampant inflation are causing beer prices to skyrocket everywhere, and a $4 pint in an expensive area is a real find nowadays.  In case you weren't aware, by "the hop shortage" I mean low supply and very high prices for the hops that are used in large quantities to flavor a lot of the best beers out there.  Having a hop shortage when you're brewing beer is like having a hop shortage when you're trying to make it in the NBA - you're screwed!If you're looking for a crazy party scene, you'd be just as well off following your grandma to bingo night as you would be going to the 750.  Last time I went here was on a Friday night when Stanford was playing UCLA for the Pac-10 championship (i.e. a HUGE game).  The rowdiness of this place barely exceeded that of a sports bar in small-town Idaho on a Monday afternoon when the only game on is a regular season showdown between New Jersey Institute of Technology and Savannah State.Remember, these are Stanford (mostly grad) students.  Not the coolest cucumbers in the produce section, if you know what I mean.   If you're here for the game, don't be surprised if you hear something like, "Blast this substandard officiating!  That referee must be afflicted with macular degeneration!  Reminds me of this one time in World of Warcraft..."The decor also blows the big one.  The place has a bit of a dining hall feel to it and the lighting is a little off.Still, take it for what it is and the 750 is not a bad place to relax and have some beers if you're on campus and are too lazy or unable to get to a more exciting bar.  Sketchy's would have been a much better name for the place and may have decreased the lameness factor a bit.  But hey, if you're a nerdy grad student who lives on campus, likes beer, and doesn't want too much craziness, you might think this is the best place in the world......of warcraft.
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	After the surprisingly-good, if uneven, food at Munger I guess I set my expectations too high for other lunch spots on the Stanford campus.  The ingredients look like standard low-end deli fare (wilted produce, nothing to write home about), and the service is puzzlingly slow.  Two people handle one order at a time, very slowly, with no multi-tasking and no thinking ahead, while getting in each other's way.  How frustrating it would be to eat here regularly.
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Not much selection. The sandwiches they do have are nasty. Rather expensive.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	I work on campus so this USPS is muy convenient to me.  I needed to get a VISA to Vietnam and the deadline snuck up on me.  To get a VISA, I needed a passport sized photo...and this USPS actually does it and even though it's outrageously expensive, $15 for two, it's fast and the clerks were very nice to me.Other people have issues with this place.  I don't.  I go, I'm nice, so they are nice back to me.  And I can walk there as well.  So nyeh.
W8f2_B1NDXi7c9sXHi4r4A	the salads here make me go mmmmm...  love their mediterranean and tuna nicoise. single serving baklava, too? oh yea!their pizza is pretty good, too! falafel plates? yes, please! i can pretty much eat this place up. did i mention they have haagen daz ice cream, too? bet you can't find that anywhere in a half mile radius!
ptCEWCs9_VPLz4n4tVJUSw	This place is lame.It's not a sports bar because it only has 1 (maybe 2) TVs.  It also has a dinky jukebox, a pool table, and a handful of tables.I've only been here once and had a good time, and they (the bartenders) called the cops (campus rent-a-cop sheriffs) on one of my friends because she was drunk.  Aren't people supposed to drink at a bar?The only time I've ever been grateful that The 750 was even on campus was back in 2006 when they aired the World Cup games and would let people pile in at 5:30 a.m.I know grad students are awkward, don't socialize well (esp with non-grad students), and rarely leave campus, but there are about 37 or 38 other places that i'd rather go to to enjoy a beer within 5 miles of the 750
S4TPn8Zjle5epXPcjw1nQQ	I'd love to be in love with Ike's but I'm just not. I don't understand the hype. I know that variety is good, but I'm just one of those people who isn't stoked on two million options. Maybe I'm just a prude, but I am not impressed by gimmicks like "funny" names, apple lollipops, or the option to put onion rings on a sandwich.Sorry Ike, but I just don't think you're the shit.
38mjxS3y1Zifn1yPTBDLpQ	I'm not the least bit surprised that Stanford's Bartender has only 5-star reviews. They are fantastic and I'm so glad we chose them to serve at our wedding last weekend up in Napa.I contacted a bunch of bartending companies, many of them with great reviews, and one recommended our wedding planner. Most of them responded very quickly, but Carlos was simply a cut above the rest. He was willing to help and give advice about anything and everything, and he clearly takes such pride in the company--the decision to go with them was very easy.I changed my order several times (parents went a little nuts with the guest list even though I imposed some limitations) and when we added a whiskey bar last minute (long story short, I didn't know it was happening, my dad was up in Napa and was talking to the planner about it), our planner mentioned it to Carlos and he called me right away. This was like 5 days before the wedding. I was like "uhhhh, what are they talking about." He said "no problem, I just want to make sure we order the proper glassware"--that is what I'm talking about: a cut above the rest in customer service.I could go on and on, but I'll just end with saying they set up a beautiful bar, our 3 bartenders, one of them being Carlos who I was so excited to meet, were fantastic and very fun, their prices were very reasonable (and they gave me a few breaks on the additions I kept adding), every email I wrote was responded to literally within a couple hours (usually less than an hour), and I would use them again in a heartbeat. Thanks guys!!
EP8rQdAcvfxx2hfXQevpEg	Went to the university recently as I was lost in the area and wanted to see something different. After gorgeous walks on the campus of the University of Oregon (Eugene, Orygun), I was anxious to see how this campus stood against the Eugene campus (it didn't). This campus seemed quite dry and barren, while the UO campus is green and has so many static artwork and sculptures everywhere. I did notice that campus bikers are more courteous here than in Eugene, and took care in not getting run over obviously to the great gladness of drivers and students not on bikes.Eventually of course, I ended up at the tower, and while photographing the fountain (waterfall?) in front, saw some people at the top of the tower. I never even knew people could go up there - so I went in and for the very quite reasonable fee of $2 for non-campus adults, got a chance to see......  the flatlands of Palo Alto. The last time I was up in a tower with bells was in Cadiz's (Spain) grand cathedral, and the view was quite unique and breath-taking. Oops, I'm comparing and I really shouldn't. The view was great and a good time was had by all! If you look hard enough, you can even see the BoA and pyramid buildings of San Francisco in the hazy distance, along with the smog over San Jose.To the other side of the tower, you can easily see the grand hangars at Moffett Field, and both of the lower SF bay bridges. Look for the very bored and casually-dressed student guide who will answer your questions about the tower, the views or the bells. At ground level, the museum highlighting Hoover's days as a campus student and later accomplishments is very interesting.PHOTOGRAPHICALLY SPEAKING:  If you take a wide-angle, you'll get more sweeping views but the details will be so small it'll be ridiculous. You can see EASILY on clear days both lower bay bridges, Moffett hangars, the hills between Palo Alto and the ocean, and many other points of interest. IF you go specifically to take pixs, remember to time your arrival with the position of the sun. If you go during the early afternoons, you might get shadows that cover most of the immediate surrounding grounds. If you go when the sun is overhead, you'll get the best coverage and least shadows. As the sun sets earlier each week, this would make for a possible great reverse sunset view!! Otherise what you can do is to capture the details of the architecture and other things. I thought the ground floor was more interesting photographically than the view from above, but those pesty librarians to the LEFT of the elevator, once they see your camera, will keep telling you every 2 minutes not to take pixs within the library - I thought I was in the Hoover Museum!!! grrrrr
aPU5w9kV0_eD17Q9mmt4OQ	Damn their sandwiches are awesome! The chicken is halal, so I can eat that moist delicious chicken. If it was a bit cheaper I would give it 5 stars.
T7UOTXOsi6ZdJkzy8czTMw	Its hard to wrap your head around this place. You expect that since its served in a research building that its going to be pretty institutional but its not. Also the prices are reasonable. Its sort of like  a mall style food court with multiple stations. The pasta station is pretty good as is the mexican selection. However, the burger is really good. The only caveat is that you should order it at dinner. For the lunch rush the patties are par cooked then heated up. For dinner they are cooked to order. Its grass fed Nieman Ranch beef, with blue cheese and you can ask for bacon as well. They also have a salad station and the salads are pretty big and they offer 5-6 choices. The blackened Ceasar chicken is my favorite. (They also boast a full size salad/sandwich bar as well.
jVJLyWeGWft4Vl6lYq2xtg	Excellent lunch menu...
gLke-4oih1t7urvoQAENcQ	I'm glad I gave Ike's another chance. I had one of their sandwiches at a catered event (yes, it was free, so why am I complaining..), and it was definitely just dead and dying lettuce scraps along with some mayo and ketchup smeared on it halfheartedly. Apparently their vegetarian/vegan sandwiches may suck. A lot.I got the Change sandwich today fresh from the actual joint and it was pretty damn tasty, if probably $4 more than what I'd ideally pay for a sandwich. Even though I ate it two hours after its creation, still really solid in its dutch crunch shell. Thin slices of rib-eye, beer-battered onion rings (soft batter is so good!), BBQ sauce, lettuce, pickles, and big chunks of smoke gouda.The bag of chips that come with is nice, as well as the caramel apple lollipop in the bag.Call in your order beforehand and dodge the line!
mZA1xa8PbiFlC4Pf9jPmzg	For european style frozen yogurt this place is tops!  Pricey if you're not into the organic green local angle thing, but definitely tasty and with a great selection of thought out toppings.Loved their steel cut Oatmeal which had a great texture, smooth but not watery, thick but not congealed.   Topped it with froyo.  The froyo flavors I sampled weren't bad, the texture was different than what I expected, but I liked it with the oatmeal.I like their selection of toppings, I ended up choosing the ollalieberry spread which mixed into the yogurt nicely and carved vibrant colorful streaks with every spoonful.
gOM5Wt0dY0yG38ClhnMbVA	Don't believe the hype.Our sandwiches were not very flavorful, and were mushy.  They're also expensive -- $10 can get you a lot of better things!  The sandwiches at the Village Cheese House at the Town & Country shopping center are much better, I think.The woman taking orders was surly.  Ike's Place is kind of a rude place.
Wb5Gs_FpWDYjrhn0luPd3A	I'll be darned! The hospital ID badge can get you in!
uMJsK3x-981hUP2dZAVDag	even though i didn't attend as a student, i really love this campus.  it features beautifully architectured buildings, lush green grass, and many rows of flowering gardens.i frequently run through campus, usually around campus drive, aka "the campus loop" or around the oval.  i always see lots of students and other run groups running this loop as well, so it never gets lonely, especially on a sunny day.i've also taken outdoor yoga classes at the oval, which is a nice, open, grassy area, perfect for a large group of yogis!i also had wedding photographs taken here.  although it was raining lightly on my wedding day, my photographer was able to find some great backdrops (museums, archways, lecture halls) to capture the day.the only thing i don't like about stanford is the parking.  on the weekdays, it is the hardest since most lots are by permit only.  on the weekends, the lots are open and free to the public, but on a nice, sunny day, finding an open space can be a challenge.aside from that, this is a great campus for outdoor activities and photographs.
L2j8Ci1d30tDU4-kbeOr4g	I really loved this place when I was an undergrad at Stanford...The chicken soup is my favorite for when I'm having a horrible day or when I feel ill. There was one week where I would get that everyday because it was my main comfort food on campus.But, the pork salad, shrimp salad, chicken saute, peanut sauce, EVERYTHING is pretty amazing for the price. Even though it only accepts cash it's still a nice meal for $6
cjKRBwnofofxjakVJyNfQw	LOVE Lutticken's! I crave either the BLT, or my own salami provolone creation. People are sweet and authentic; I'll support that at $6.50 a sandwich. :) I shouldn't even be talking about this, but their mushroom soup on Wednesdays are yummmmmmy! I'll just have to get there early after this posting; they usually sell out during the lunch hour.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Mmmm ... that's good marrón, and stylish, too! Coupa Cafe serves some excellent Venezuelan coffee specialties in the Jerry Yang and Akiko Yamazaki Environment and Energy Building (aka Y2E2) at Stanford University. Lines sound like they can be long when classes are in session, but we slipped in during a post-exam week lull a little before noon and got our food and caffeine in less than 5 minutes of waiting. My coffee came excellently and elegantly presented with a classic creamy leaf pattern on top, and the dark brown stuff below was rich and darkly roasted to low-acid perfection. That's important if you imbibe your java w/out sugar, as I do (even espresso), so it has to be good and the beans not burnt (I'm talking to you, Starbucks!)  if I am to savor the layered aromas and nuanced flavor notes of a well-made cup. Those beans travel thousands of miles to reach you, after all, so treat them right, people!But ... while the coffee here was great, my $6.50 lunch special of soup and mesclun side salad was disappointing. The lentil soup was watery and uninspired (Bytes has better soups on campus) and the salad was over-dressed and a bit drippy. Admittedly, I am spoiled by the green geniuses at Happy Boy Farms who make the best mesclun mix in the Bay area, so good in fact that we prefer to eat it raw w/out even olive oil, sea salt, or lemon juice. So I hate it when people ruin an otherwise crisp and munchy salad by drowning those precious leaves in mayonnaise-based glop (that's for your french fries, folks. Ask any Belgian. They know).  And lentil soups need some exotic spices, like cloves or cardamon (dal-style). They could definitely benefit from some fresh herbs -  like cilantro, chives, dill, or parsley - to accentuate the starchy, protein-spiked goodness contained in the precious pulses that are the main ingredient here.So, my advice is to try the coffees, teas, and pastries first and - if you like them - explore the savory side of things as well. You may be yodeling "Yahoo!" like I did in the midst of my caffeine high. But try to avoid the lines! That's a real buzz-kill when it comes to eating out, even at the Y2E2, I should think.
UzFpw5-JFekJ9nF8hI9ZSw	I was hesitant to go here, but pleasantly surprised! I really like the fries - sweet potato and waffle. Pretty good chocolate milkshake, and good sized/priced/tasting side of creamy mac n cheese. Greek salad is good, but too much dressing. I would get it on the side next time. Hubby likes the chicken strips. Overall an above-average on-campus eatery. Love the 80s music!p.s. Go early for lunch. At 12:05, it's swamped and the service seems overwhelmed.
gOEuPac4l8E6r1WJSYlkKg	GREAT food! They could look a little harder for people when they are trying to deliver sandwiches. If you don't get yours after 45 minutes, go back inside to find it - it'll be sitting on the counter getting cold. :(
xwJNQo9wQsdJZC9jFhxH3Q	I grew up near by and watched it change through the the years, I had  the privileg to attend as many   football games as I pleased growing up. People there have always been nice and welcoming its beautiful there the trees and the surroundings are so comforting. The fields are all kept Nice and clean, and hey I love hitting the pool there in the summer. Although I did not attend and decided on Sunny SoCal, This school has a special place in my corazón. I still travel there when time permits make sure to Stop by cook's seafood its close by and the fish and chips SO TASTY  &  FULL OF FLAVOR!!!!
Bx4TnEGP35miIwu3mek_4A	Best soy yogurt I have tried! Too bad it's $$. But then again I'm in Stanford. I suggest that you stay away from the toppings, it is about a $1 more if you request for a topping, not worth the $$...One of the few things that I enjoy in Stanford and that says a lot considering I'm from LA where i"m bombarded with froyo...
pois1eQIEqu2tJi36tzH4Q	Surprisingly small gym for such a large athletically focused elite school.The gym is incredibly crowded with machines and people.  There is also nowhere to securely store your belongings while working out!  What??  Also, as other reviewers have mentioned, no towels and no locker room!  Yikes.For the good - most of the equipment seems pretty new and well maintained / in working order.  That said I didn't actually try every single machine, so I couldn't say for sure. I also am not a gym connoisseur - but I have seen better and I have seen worse.People are polite and friendly, as is to be expected from the Stanford community.  This is one of the best features of the gym from my perspective - there is a huge range of abilities represented, and many female students.  It's definitely not a male-dominated bodybuilder type environment.  I didn't feel bad at all working at the 10lb level on machines.I strongly suspect though that there is a much nicer gym hiding somewhere for all the student athletes.  Overall, although it's less awesome than I expected, it's decent, if undersized for the population.  It's nice enough for my mild gym habits, besides the overcrowding issue.
sfXELG2SCfb8B7Ay5LmY7g	Stanford is a great institution for education and it has a beautiful campus. I have seen many people who have gotten married take their wedding pictures here and it's because of how beautiful the scenery is. You can take a walk around campus you will see a lot of trees and greenery that bring the campus to life. There's lots of things to do and see. You can take a bike ride around campus or even have a bit to eat at the many eateries around campus. My favorite thing to do is take pictures of the scenery. The Stanford Mall can be visited with a hop on the free Marguerite bus service on campus. You can even ride all the way to San Antonio Road and back. Great campus and great school
jShChcFSVXOIOhuXTNrRvg	I used to eat at this literal closet restaurant (Yes, the kitchen is basically in a closet) 2 times a week.  There's not much great food on the Stanford campus which helps this Cafe to stand out; it is a good option if you want some basic "Thai inspired" food.  There is usually an extremely long line during lunch, but the service is really fast because all the food is mass prepared.  A line of 30 people will only take about 5 minutes to work down.  I usually get the chicken or shrimp noodle soups; both of which had a lot of meat to go with the tasty noodles and sauce.  Very filling and since pretty much everything on the meal is $6, a decent value.  There is definitely no frills at Thai Cafe as it is based in a hallway and closet in the basement of a building, but if you're looking for a good quick meal at Stanford, this is one of the only options.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	I love this place. It is expensive, has limited food and hard to find a seat but hey it is in a bookstore so you don't HAVE to eat. It is just a little bonus.The coffee is good, cheap and hot. And their sandwiches and salads look really nice.So go, buy a book or two for your mind and eat a muffin.
aSUmRlQxraEBVRnhpx9l9w	That caramel apple pop you've got in your mouth might as well be a giant sign hanging around your neck that says, "Look at me! I went to Ike's for lunch today!" MHMMM. But I will proudly wear that sign-- I love Ike's!The "menage a trois" is my favorite here. It probably gets its name from the three cheeses in it, and I always feel funny ordering it, but then again, all the names here are a little odd. The best part of the menage a trios is not the cheeses though-- it's the honey. The added sweetness that it gives to the sandwich is superb. Even just thinking about it makes me hungry.The "spiffy tiffy" reminds me a lot of a chicken caesar salad, even though it's pesto based. With avocado. And mushroom. I don't know why, but my first thought after taking a bite was "oh tastes like chicken... caesar salad." The bread here is amazing! I always get the dutch crunch when I go to Lutticken's at CCSR, and same thing goes when I go to Ike's. The dutch crunch is a must for your bread choice. Even though it has "crunch" in the name, it's not super hard and crunchy, so don't let the name dissuade you.I will say though, that Ike's is a once or twice a week meal at most for me. I don't think I could do any more than that because the sandwiches are so rich and filling. Even half is enough to fill me up for the rest of the day.The line is always super long around lunchtime-- even at 1pm. It doesn't really die down until after 2-ish, and even then there are still people milling around waiting for their sandwiches. Also, the people who work here are really friendly and always try to find a way to connect with you or make small talk while taking your order, which is quite endearing.The menu at any Ike's Place is definitely a lot smaller than what you would find at an Ike's Lair, but then again, not all Places are Lairs, but all Lairs are also Places.The Ike's Place app seems like a good concept, but it's extremely buggy and unreliable and requires multiple restarts before anything can be accomplished. Someone should get on that...tl;dr: Some of the best sandwiches around-- unique, flavorful, and full of sandwichy goodness. I just wish the line was more reasonable, but I guess that's what you get for being so popular.
Lb37hatAjI3fgHEh2lMNEw	I like Ike's. I got the Menage a Trois and was very, very satisfied. The dirty sauce is to die for. It looks like being a new place, this Ike's has some process issues with managing orders and the line flow. So expect a wait (we came during peak hours and waited in line for about 20 and waited about 15 for the order.) I'm also not cool enough to say whether this is better than the Ike's in the city, because I've only been there once, more than a year ago. So I won't make that comparison.But what I will say is that Ace of Sandwiches has major competition now!! I find the bread to be much more delicious at Ike's, and of course the dirty sauce makes every sandwich. Watch out Ace!Only problem is if you don't work on campus, it is a little bit of a chore to get to this place, because it's smack dab in the middle of campus. Not only that, but don't even try to map '475 Via Ortega' on the phone. It puts you in the middle of a bunch of portables about half a mile away from where it actually is. Just look for the engineering building. There is also a good parking structure around the corner from the place, which takes coins and is not usually full in my experience.
LJ_6Mdrd959hEwSnuSwsPQ	If I were to compare this to Little Luca's you're definitely getting slightly better quality over quantity. Folks, I kid you NOT I could have had a second sandwich considering how tiny these things are. I don't really give two shits that they're named after Giants players. All I care about is do they make a good sammich....and you know what...they do...albeit on the small (and pricey) side. I went with their Say Hey and that dirty sauce (much like The Dude's carpet in The Big Lebowski) really tied the sandwich together. The interplay of pastrami, lightly toasted bread, and that damn dirty sauce compliment each other quite well. I just wish I could've been bigger. Anyways, I'm guessing Stanford engineering students must be going ape shit over this place.
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	At first I thought Thai Cafe was a godsend.  Fast, good food at the amazing price of $5?!  But then, that was before, when Stanford was a culinary desert.  Now, for better or worse, there's Subway, Union Square, Axe and Palm, Olives, etc.  AND they raised prices to $6.  Don't expect too much.  The food is too sweet, and the dishes all kind of taste the same.  Still 1 of the more affordable places to eat on campus though, which is sad.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Working on the Stanford campus has lots of perks.  Gyms, natural beauty, wildlife, flora, educational and cultural programs, good looking people...and the cafes and restaurants.  This place was a total eye opener for me.  I was used to the mediocre/adequate options on campus, Olives, Thai Cafe, Tresidder, Treehouse....but when the Munger dormitory opened their brand new high end cafe, I was really happy.Russo has it all for someone like me, a vegetarian.  They make their offerings inventive and new every day.  Today, my friend Max and I went for lunch and to sit in the lovely late CA January sun and we each found something yummy to eat.He eats meat and opted for the tri tip, pepperoni, jalapeño and mushroom.  I had the eggplant, veggie spinach wrap with the side or green beans and oral.  Max and I shared a big plate of steamed broccoli and roasted mushrooms.  They have fresh made pizza and/or calzones every day.  Fresh vegetarian options in their deli refrigerator and hot oven options daily.  They also have really nice pastry treats.It is in the regular rotation for our IT group for lunches out.
Hj_GF8MnikDy4BQzf0B8Dg	Pros:Awesome course, prestine shapeGreat viewsExclusive - only students, alumni + guests can play hereCons:Pricey - $55 for an alumni guest after 5pm - any day of the week Sprinklers come on around 7:30pm - sucks when you're trying to get in 18
Wb5Gs_FpWDYjrhn0luPd3A	I love this place on a sunny day. You can eat fresh, Californian cuisine as you read a book or watch the kids run around on the lawn. Food prices are a bit hight, but I think what you're getting is worth it. It's also close to the Rodin Sculpture Garden which is a nice area to check out some of Rodin's pieces. If I want a nice, chill place for "me time," this is definitely the place I'd venture to.
1g_ajkmxzivqpY8E9s9sgQ	My wife went here for her undergrad. She's smarter than me so it seems like Stanford did a job in teaching her up to be smart.
A-5D1nwCfDpoI5WvJ2Jh7A	Skip and go to Treehouse instead.  Not worth it.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	Delicious pizzas! The apple, brie, and bacon one sounded weird, but it was oddly good! The sandwiches are awesome as well. The line isn't too bad around lunch time and they promptly bring out your food! I enjoy having lunch here. Next time I want to try some of the pastries and coffee.
EaQUJq6nI0PdI6YiRSb4wA	*This review is for the lesson program, not boarding*The red barn has some nice horses, particularly for beginner/internediate riders, but their organisation is terrible. It took me forever to even get someone to contact me about lessons, and it was pretty clear that the community lesson program isn't exactly a high priority for them. We were commonly given horses that had already been ridden several times that day and horses that weren't physically capable of doing the lessons they'd been assigned to. Sometimes at the end of the evening there would be no turnout left for the last lesson horse, meanwhile there's no barn staff anywhere and everyone else has gone home.It's a shame because they have great facilities and some really sweet horses, but the poor organisation definitely makes this barn not worth it.
56Vd6f-R6ibUCxsV2sDc1A	I have mixed feelings about this place.  The service is fast, albeit expensive, but beware if you're like me and opted for a cheaper Target bike.  If you ever come in for service, which you most likely will need to, you're greeted with smirks, lectures on why you shouldn't buy a cheap bike, and general condescension.  I already know my bike stinks; I don't need them to remind me!
LCiZaVSZwWhnr14D0XbDUQ	The Axe and Palm has the worst service I've ever encountered. The people working behind the counter seem to delight in being incompetent and making customers wait inordinate amounts of time for sub-par overpriced food...
T7UOTXOsi6ZdJkzy8czTMw	Right at the Cantor Art Museum and Its a place I have been wanting to try for some time so we gave it a shot. I only had the burger (my two friends had the same) and an Iced tea. The burger made with grass fed organic beef was quite tasty. Its not really a complaint but the Point Reyes Blue Cheese overpowered most of the rest of the burger, even the meat and Ill go with cheddar next time.. Seating was a a challenge and the service while friendly was slooooow. Not a place it seems if you are in a hurry. Also it was a bit pricey.
ZASFIeQGnKLLasbl1KHv6g	I would give this place a - 5 if I could. The sandwiches were simply horrible. Compared to Ikes I'll give it a -20. It's really a place you would go if you are starving, don't drive, no bike, legs can't carry you to anywhere else, or all other places like Coho and Treehouse are closed. The staff were all grumpy, and one was especially rude, detestable and extremely inefficient. Bad place to grab a sandwich!
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	Very friendly, efficient, little, very little, post office.Lots of students getting mail, mailing mail, asking questions so it can get a little busy at times but it's a fun location to people watch.It isn't a post office that you would go to if you weren't right there because there is no parking around it. The only lot in the area is a Stanford pay lot and then you have to walk forever to get to where the post office is. If you are at the Sanford bookstore for something and just happen to have a parcel or letter to mail then cool, drop it off but don't come here just for the post office. You have better options.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	The food here is a little pricier than the other nourishment counterparts across campus. No wow factor. I think this place exists because law students can't spare an extra 3 minutes to leave the library to eat. Every morning Russo Cafe (located in the Munger residences) caters all the food that is sold here and a gentleman brings it all over on a push cart. Somehow this picture forces my conscience to actuate my body to actually make the trek over to Russo instead of stopping in at the Law School Cafe.The selection is generally very limited and the coffee is much more expensive than the nearby bookstore ($0.50) and Coupa ($1.25) for a small.Nice outdoor seating out in the Courtyard. I can't wait for Neukom Building (new law school addition) to open, perhaps it will liven this eatery up a little more!
Tm3SdDX5fa8O6NN-tciSkA	Things I miss about Stanford:1-LuttickensOk, that's about all I miss. Is that kind of sad? I always walked over here and got a roast beef with avocado on the dutch crunch roll. A bit pricey but I was eating this sandwhich for like three days.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	Every once in a while they will have an awesome sandwich. A good place to get some coffee or if I'm in the mood for pastries. The guy who works here is very nice. Although I think in general the selection is limited.
WSwA7mhnb8XmUC1_UpMQNQ	Pretty darned good Asian buffet food considering it comes off of a truck and is so inexpensive.  You get what you pay for; they weigh your food and charge accordingly.  Their samosas were very good but they no longer seem to have them
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	It's as good as everyone says it is.  Wow.  Just be sure to order online to avoid the line.
4En9nCuO9N1qWfzHTaADBg	++ Change on dutch crunch is AMAZING!+ Ike's Dirty Secret Sauce+ Friendly workers- Location kind of sucks. Not a lot of parking and remember to bring a lot of change because those meters are god damn expensive.- Expect a wait. I always order by phone now..its a little faster.Even though its hard to find parking and the wait is long..I still keep coming back for their sandwiches! Ike's is like crack!
T8tF6h676yUenAcohr2WYw	The service is great.. the sandwiches are amazing, my favorite, the Sometimes I'm a Vegan with French Bread only the lines are huge, but I guess thats a consequence of the food being so awesome.
mcbDoQSo9pUJ5Rzslp_ucQ	Sandwiches are serious yum!  Love the sandwiches.  The location has plenty of seating and despite the crazy amounts of customers during peak lunchtime, the people that work there seem to stay calm and cool and helpful.  Like other reviews, only come when you have some time on your hands as the wait can be lengthy when the line is long.  I've had the Nacho Boy and the Spiffy Tiffy which I thought were both delicious.  Half a sandwich fills me but it's always tempting to get the full one cuz they are so good.  I wish they had a better system of getting the sandwiches to you though.  When the place is full, it gets quite loud and it's hard to hear to guy/girl yell out your name.  Perhaps a number system with a digital display?  Yeah, either way, I'll be back.
mi6raRWQboj29_hGUo01jg	I haven't really gotten on board the food-truck-band-wagon... But this is a pretty good option for a quick, cheap lunch. And all the profits support a local charity, so even if the food doesn't make you feel good, at least your conscience will. Works like this: get in line, grab a clamshell container, walk through the buffet line INSIDE the truck and load up on whatever Korean/Thai/Chinese dishes suit your fancy, grab a drink and pay by the pound (cash only). Take your bounty to nearby Tressider or Terman Park or even back to your desk (if that's your MO).Had the garlic noodles, Korean chicken, lemongrass veggies, egg roll and a drink for $7.50!!! Food was a little greasy, but I'll be back.
Zwco3vEZqiWSepNz4eBPEg	The most convenient place for a brewsky, when campus work has got you down. Their new menu rocks. I especially recommend the chicken breast melt and any of their burgers (damn fine burgers, second only to Oasis). Also great pasta, pizza, salads, and mixed (read, "girly") sake drinks. Guinness and Sierra on tap, along with a few other random beers (a hefeweizen) and a host of bottled imports.  Highly recommended! Nice ambience. Fish and chips are back, and the fries are fresh and salted. Downside is no hard booze.
WJfNVm4mXXDt1Vakg13CpA	Praise the lord! Ike's Place in the south bay is the most glorious idea ever! Almost a year has passed, since the first day my friend introduced me to this wonderful sandwich business, originated in San Francisco. To this day, I still hold Ike's sandwiches as the best store-made sandwich I've bitten. If you haven't tried it yet, now is the time to get yourself over there ASAP! What could be better than a good sammy, dirty chips, old-fashioned soda/juices with a caramel apple candy for dessert? :)The menu here is definitely smaller than the one in their SF store; however, I am still impressed by their larger selection, including many of their appealing vegan selections. Since I'm vegetarian, it's fairly difficult to find a veggie sandwich that blows my mind. Ike's, however, does. I came here for lunch with some friends from lab; since we ordered sandwiches ahead a time, we didn't have to endure the ridiculous but understandably long line. I got the vegan strawberry girl. Like all of their sandwiches, half is enough to keep my chugging for the rest of the day--portions are big! It was juicy, flavorful and extremely unique, sourdough beard was the perfect balance to the slightly sweet strawberries. Everyone in our group enjoyed their sandwiches, including the guys who had their vegan chicken sandwiches. I definitely plan on returning, if ambitious enough, to try every item on their menu.
TAzGPFt9x99JCYWtDmZDWg	Compared to the other Ike's locations, this one has the worst parking situation and highest degree of difficulty to get to b/c it's in the middle of the Stanford campus.  However, it makes up for it b/c of the ample outdoor seating whether it be at the tables or any of the various sculptures, fountains, grassy hills, or amphitheaters nearby.  This was my first Spiffy Tiffy and, like all the others, was damn good.  Do have to say that the sandwiches are bigger at the one in SF and better put together there and in RC as well (even though RC is not an official "Ike's Place").  I mean that the ingredients were not evenly distributed - ex: my avocado was all on one side of the sandwich.  But w/e, Ike's can do no wrong in my book.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	If I'm in the mood for some coffee, this is a great place to stop by. They have a good selection of bake goods as well and a stocked "lunch" section with sandwiches, yogurt, and sushi. There's also hot food items that look really yummy, but super expensive. I really want to try their curry, but they sell it by the ounce which makes your meal to be around $8-10 for a smal box. If you're looking for a hot lunch I suggest going to Nexus because you're get more for your dollar.
Rx7DNBmPPShVjlcQidGuTw	this location is great to come to in the summer, since school is out for summer.  we came last sunday, and there was no line for sandwiches.  there are definitely less choices than at the sf location, but sandwiches are still delicious.
1WfaAbWC06QDnb59vqnEZw	Beware of Greek salads bearing chicken gifts.
iSbyTi1IodOPNqacK4oW2g	This was the first time I tried a Jamba Juice, despite walking by a branch all the time for the last 5 years or so.  I was pretty impressed that they offered low calorie versions of the drinks without extra sugar added - I was expecting them to be healthy in name only, and laden with calories and sugar.
CRLA264qZO-IxB2gQOnJmg	VERY well maintained track.I meet up to train a couple women here and though I masochistically wish the bleacher stairs were higher, I'm sure they don't!fyi:Lights go off at 9 p.m. for those of you who want to get a few evening miles on your sneakers in a safe area. Plenty of bodyguard-types around...That's all folks.
3FTv5-zfzqm0_ZZ4lRYtTg	IKE's sandwiches are the BEST around! Iv'e been to both location in SF and at Stanford University are both have CRAZY long waits! To avoid this you have to call in your order ahead of time. BUT when you do you don't have to wait in that mile long line! I always order the same thing which is the ike's kryptonite sandwich for $20.Its about 4lbs and has everything from onion rings and cheese sticks to their yummy garlic bread!
TX_O8rcYMIHEobq3rr1xtw	LOVE the new facility... well lit, beautiful, and spacious.  Feels like a design straight out of Dwell Magazine and definitely one of the best hospital facilities I've seen.    The building faces the 101 fwy. but is so well insulated, one cannot hear the outside noise.   The bed mattress is very comfy.    Works for me!    The rooms now  have private showers.    WiFI avail.   There is a large group of doctors and all that I've met so far are top notch.     Be sure to look outside and enjoy the beautiful garden downstairs.  Yes, it's tough to get an appointment,  they're busy for a good reason!
0sZ1BLZEocy6fl5Gyfs5hQ	To being with, I would have to say the sandwich is very good and deserves to be 5 star. The main gripe I have is the unreasonable wait time during off-hour. I started waiting in line at 1:44pm, which was long past lunch rush hour. I got my order in around 1:55pm and I did not get my sandwich till 2:20pm. I consider this unreasonable for a student on-the-go.There are several things that contribute to the long wait time: i). Only one register accepts the credit card. Maybe bling payment is on the way?; ii) I found it odd to put orders on a post-it while having hundreds of sandwiches/breads/dressing to choose form. Will it be more efficient to have a pre-printed list of options and just check things off? iii) the seating area is quite big and it's hard to find who orders what unless by yelling.I would not want to go back (between 11am and 2pm) till things improve.Again, this has nothing to do with the sandwich but more to do with this particular locations and how things are managed here.
TbjFvek74Qrg7qAuxZ9OPw	Ah, it's a coupa. The food is subspectacular, the mocha is decent, and the chai is actually not bad.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	You know, this place has really improved over the past few years.They have at least 3 types of fries (regular, waffle, sweet potato) now and they're all pretty good.  I'm a big fan of the waffle fries.The burgers are pretty reliable in my opinion.  I've had the bison burger and the chicken breast sandwich. I really recommend the chicken with some swiss, it was very tasty.    You can also get exotic burgers like lamb!  Comes with lettuce, tomato-- you can get pickles and onions at the little condiment bar in between the place you order and the place you pick up food.They also have:nice salsavarious salad dressingtwo types of relish (regular and jamaican)jalapenos and pepperonciniAnd for condiments:Ketchup, mustard, mayo, honey mustard, bbq...all of which I shamelessly pile onto my burger.  Well, not at once, but in various combinations.They also have, randomly, the best grab-and-go selection of sushi of any place on campus.The facility is nice and clean and well lit.  Their service has gotten speedier over the past few years.  Still not lightening fast, but not as bad as Coho.  Still kinda pricey, but decent for the price.  They're frequently open when other places aren't.If I were a Stanford student, this would probably be one of my go-to burger joints.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	Great to have one on campus--I frequent much better juice bars, but those aren't close to campus. Always consistent quality here, so you know what you're getting.
1_jKOn0vckVwEpNIVax7Zw	Pros:1.  close to work (CCSR labs)2. 50 cents any-sized coffee (bring your own mug/thermos/industrial-size container)3. muffins (monday-wednesday, when it's still fresh)Cons:1. Barb (the manager)2. you might run into Barb3. ridiculous high price for a sandwich (~$7!!!)4. nasty microwave-able items5.  muffins (thursday and Friday - stale and nasty)join me in boycotting lutticken's!
luRBlngRdp-jMBtBqgWhAA	As of 9/14/2010...I can't even believe this. I decided to return to Ike's because other reviewers had so vehemently stated that the half-sandwich thing was temporary, and sure enough, the online menu now states that both half and full sandwiches are available! Overjoyed, I decided I could start going back to Ike's Stanford. Despite the online menu CLEARLY stating that the Stanford location now serves both half and full sandwiches (this is not ambiguous whatsoever, it is the only location with a menu that lists two prices), only half sandwiches are being served still. I got worried when I noticed everyone eating half sandwiches but I thought meh, they'll honor their own fucking menu if I mention it won't they? When I inquired about full sandwiches, I was told that maybe it was a typo, and that the only sandwiches they are serving is the half sandwich. I was told perhaps that I had looked at the SF menu by mistake. So feeling like an asshole, I thought for sure I was mistaken.  I doubled checked and sure enough, they are advertising BOTH half and full sandwiches are Stanford and this is the ONLY location where they are doing so. I did go back and tell them their online menu says they do have full sandwiches available, but was met with no offer to be made a full sandwich. Instead they started telling me about how they're going to start selling stew and coffee at some point. What? Do I give a half a fuck? No. So I left. And I won't be back until Ike's gets their story straight.
LOspncsyY0HU8SNyKR6MBw	How can you not be impressed with this campus?  It's friggin' huge.  If you are going for a conference or whatever, make sure you know where the parking garages are.  Otherwise, everything else is permit parking.  Great to go early in the morning, when you will only see a few college zombies stumbling about - otherwise you got the place to yourself.
bn6wJVt32gadogoWy_fhBw	One of the reasons why I go there is because it's so close by and it's definitely good for people watching. Price is very reasonable and if you are cute, they make you an extra big burrito! But they close way too early, most of the times when I make my way over there around 2:30pm, everything's put away, so I end up just grabbing a cup of water and go somewhere else that's still open. I think the pizza's kind of over-priced, though. Other things like Asian-esque food is pretty tasty, too. I wonder how they would do if there's ever a fire... long tables with not much space to walk through to get to the doors...
H3qdTHAqBUWni4DQISluIQ	I eat at Ike's about 3 times a week... simple put... Ike's has the best sandwiches I have EVER had in my life!!!! Every friend from the bay area that I have brought here swears by it too!!! Ike's has a special in my heart and stomach...
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Selection is decent. Tasty
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	The Thai Cafe reopens this summer in its new location in Room 48 of Jordan Hall.  I can't wait!!!
6_4DEliUqwLYHB6juhxd-Q	Thank you for bringing Fraiche to Stanford. The natural yogurt is delicious and I always go for some fresh fruit topping - healthy and satisfies my sweet tooth. Have enjoyed the downtown Palo Alto Fraiche since it opened, but the Tressider location is just a block from the office!
J4p8zd9QiH7DwP2R2aQcbQ	This Jamba Juice is quick and efficient.  It's mostly run by Stanford students, and they're mostly friendly and cool.
eMAmkqtFhhqkzTWKcsARSw	Prices and food are unbeatable! It's almost like Google's cafeteria except I have to pay now.Got the Nexus Signature Salad, but with the Lime/Cilantro dressing. Amazingly fulfilling and delicious for around $7. Only down is that during lunch high, it gets pretty packed. Way better than Coupa. NEXUS RULES. I'll be eating here from now on!
1fbqafPJJ-kxQgrJqt9wPQ	This place gets the ok from me, just cuz it seems to use well sourced ingredients like in the dining halls, and the management is nice (Barbara) :)
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Stanford Athletics Shop.....I made it by 6.Manager was locking doorsBut she let me stay!Shopping for a friendA Stanford t-shirt and capPolos are pricey!Cashier was helpfulShe pointed out more optionsShared her preferences!Settled on nice capAnd an overpriced polo84 dollars!Not a great savingsSo be careful coming hereIf you're budget-bound!Some items cost lessIf you poke around enoughAsk a few questions....15 cents per bag?!!Who charges for paper bags?May be "green" for YOU!!Another optionWhich is no less expensiveIs U-Threads near Peet's!
28EP65ZNv6Gh5WZ-mE4bRg	the curry here is really, very, really quite good.honestly.
FIHv-S6cb76mLNWLKho88w	Best bang for buck food-wise on campus. $6.00 plates!!! You can not go wrong with any of them either. I have tried the pork salad, chicken salad, chicken saute, chicken curry, and shrimp soup. They are ALL very good. I usually let the weather decide on what I am going to get. The shrimp soup is perfect for a cold day and the pork salad(comes with rice noodle) and chicken salad(comes with egg noodle) is perfect for a hot day.
SVwKjoWmi_9fZvTOZgiETA	Boy is this place hard to fine. I did A LOT of research before coming here. I had to look up EXACTLY where to go and which building to enter into. It was difficult, but after having been there once, you won't get lost again. I think... Anyway, I came on a weekday -super early 11am. There place was empty! All this talk about long lines and I was worried it wasn't open because no one was standing at the counter! But he was just in the back answering the phone. Yes, as I ordered, lunch orders were keeping the phone lines busy. I heard you can call in to place an order and avoid the line. Rumor has it. I order two sandwiches from here. The Menage a Trois and Matt Cain. I had no idea what I was ordering. I literally just told the guy, "it's my first time here and I need two sandwiches, you pick." That is how I ended up with the two I had. He said it was the two most popular. i was iffy about the the three sauces and three types of cheese in the Menage a Trois, but according to the guy "I HAD TO TRY IT." He was pretty awesome. The service was awesome in general. The prices, however, were... It wasn't too expensive, but it was not like Cali sourdough price. Then again, the sandwiches are HUGE. Sooo I guess I can't complain. The Menage a Trois was overwhelming. The three sauces really does make the sandwich VERY sweet. And that is just a turn off to me. Also, the sandwich was difficult to eat in general. The Matt Cain was bit better. I actually liked it more than the Menage A Trois. I'm a plain jane. So any sandwich with a sauce overload is not something I praise. I am old fashion. Then again, I've  girl who has had Katz deli before, so I'm hard to impress. Would I come back? I honestly don't know what is so awesome about this place. It's just... okay. If I had to choose between Mr. Pickles, Little Deluca's, Ikes or Cali Sourdough, I would go with Cali Sourdough. Sorry Ikes. You didn't impress. Maybe second time will?
c_T9sGM79aM9KGXKy7FTwA	Stanfurd Ike's on Sunday is a strange experience. You're standing in line with a handful of hungover frat guys in the otherwise completely deserted halls of what may be the most extravagant academic facility in the U.S., Stanfurd's new engineering bulding. Guess it should come as no surprise that no ordinary cafe would do for a facility like this - hence, Ike's. I doubt my alma mater Cal could ever swing something like this, but this is Stanfurd and Stanfurd is special.Anyway, Ike's @ Furd is just as good as the now-defunct SF mother ship. Make a Sunday pilgrimage now before word gets out and it gets mobbed. (I wouldn't dare come here during the week.)Only 4 stars because, well...Stanfurd.
HKSrv0d4xv4ispaiIF_eJw	Ikes is pretty damn good. I heard a lot of good things about it so I decided to check it out with my coworkers. This place is actually based within Standford University. Really nice area! There are tables outside where you can eat or grass area where you can have a mini-picnic. Usually the weather is nice in Palo Alto so sitting outside would be ideal while eating you BOMB ASS sandwich! Lunchtime is the busiest time! If you order to go, expect to get it about an hour later. Your best bet is to stand in line and order - you'll probably have to wait 20 minutes max. But its all worth it. I had the Nacho boy sandwich with dutch crunch bread. That has roastbeef, avocado, mushrooms swiss and the dirty sauce! You get free chips too. They serve fresh fruit but be sure to be there early because they run out fast. This place is really good! :)
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Not the most exciting burger place, but it's pretty decent for campus food.   A basic burger combo (includes fries & drink) costs around $7, although they charge 75 cents for all extras including cheese, so it's pretty easy to get to $8-$9 (plus tax, although that's waived for students).    The fries includes a whole bunch of fancy fries, like onion rings and waffle fries.   I had the salmon burger (+avocado) and waffle fries.  The waffle fries were awesome.  The salmon burger was one of those frozen patties from the grocery store, but was surprisingly good, and the bun it was on was huge, so I couldn't finish it.   All in all, not a bad option for when I'm meeting my boyfriend for lunch on campus, and deserves more than its current 2 star average.
418rK1b_PkXJTWhSRKxjew	Although this place is very convenient to my freshman dorm last year, I have only been here once, and my experience was quite disappointing. I ordered an iced cafe mocha, and it tasted like cold, straight black coffee.Bad order of coffee beans? I would rather go to a Starbucks.
Pvc1dUwQYFRM9R2WNQECpA	The chicken mushroom pasta is consistently tasty and filling. It's become something of a standby for me, so I can deal with the service.
qEIlCfJtuOvIadR58RUGIA	My time at Stanford would not have been the same without the fountain. The fountain resembles hope, honor, bravery, and strength to me. I have had lots of laughs there and started many friendships. Without this beautiful fountain, I would not be who I am today.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	This is absolutely one of the best campus eateries. Burritos, Pasta, Salad Bar, Oh My! There are enough choices to satisfy any and all diets...even vegan and paleolithic (yes, there really is such a thing). The first time I came I had the Thai Beef salad- tender flavorful beef on a bed of arugula and spinach. The second time, I got the Chicken and Broccoli Fettucine. This place has huge portions...not necessarily good if you have a meeting after lunch. I got major food coma both times that I came and almost fell asleep in a meeting...eyes drooping, quick pinch myself, OWW....I'm awake!!!!.......2min later.....so boring.....eyes droop....PINCh!
2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ	Food: 3Decor: 3Service: 3Came here for lunch with a friend. Pros:-nice selection of foodCons:-really crowded and long lines-expensive (my salad was almost $9)-limited seating
V8kkEeMzioYywaiBX7fiiw	You know those movies where the dude says "Make me a sammich" to the girl after a night of bumping uglies?  I'd imagine Ike is both a ladies man and very observant, as he's managed to hone a lifetime worth of one night stand sandwich making excellence and perhaps breakfast pleasantries.   The diverse menu seems to evoke the preggo in me every time I visit.Today was my first time visting the Stanford location.  A little tricky to find, but nothing a little GPS and asking around won't fix. We must have gotten lucky as there was no line in the engineering building.  After ordering our sandwiches from the two pleasant man-bearded men we sat around patiently for our food.  What, they bring your sandwich to you?  Why thank you friend, so polite!On to the sandwich: I decided on the Matt Cain with mozzarella sticks on dutch crunch.  Yes, mozzarella sticks, jalapeno poppers, and onion rings are potential add-ons to the inside of the sandwich.  Subway can go eat fresh; I'll deal with the extra 2 mile run needed to compensate.  But anyway, what else is there to say about the sandwich other than it's good.  Slap your mama good.  I'm not sure what the godfather sauce is made of, but they should rename it to God's Tears sauce.  I tried to tell some of the MIT folk via the wormhole what they were missing out on.  I think I just looked crazy.  Their loss really.But honestly, stop reading this and get your sammich on.  Do not let these women's hearts break in vain.
tfg1Nhwx94Y4GdQHLVawbw	Don't usually eat on campus but it was nice to see the diversity and the offering of Mediterranean cuisine. This is no Evvia but it gets the job done for well under $10 for lunch. They serve up a decent gyro plate packed with food. Not too much choice in there but for a place without an extensive kitchen, you can't expect more than good food on styrofoam plates and plastic utensils.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	sooo...i was originally pretty impressed by the large selection that Ciao offers. I love that they have nice pastas and the eggplant parmesan really is very tasty. But recently I've realized that Ciao is really quite expensive. I was craving (like could not get it out of my head it was driving me insane) sushi but I only had enough time to take a quick lunch break. I found some spicy tuna rolls in the refrigerated section of Ciao so I decided to try it. There was no price on the box but I assumed that 6 pieces of sushi would be around $3-4. I was wrong. Apparently 6 small dinky pieces of sushi is worth SIX BUCKS. A dollar a piece. And it was stale. SERIOUSLY???  It was worse than safeway sushi. BOO!Also, a simple cup of coffee here costs $1.45. Coffee at the Stanford Bookstore is 50 cents all day. The ladies at Ciao are still very nice, but I would only come eat here on their eggplant parmesan days.
NQysyhps0a7MTytWCJiS3g	Go Stanford!  It's got it all: multiple libraries and auditoriums, an art museum, a hospital, a golf course, a post office, an amazingly gorgeous nondenominational church, random public art all over the campus, a shopping center, residential neighborhoods, athletic facilities that are the envy of the area, and wide acres of beautiful open space accessible to all.  Oh, and it also fulfills its main goals of education and research in such a remarkable manner that it is consistently ranked with the top schools in the nation.   There's nothing comparable to Stanford, and without Stanford the Bay Area wouldn't be nearly as cool.   As for the students who go here, most know they're the lucky ones and try to make the most of the opportunities available.  Let me just rant about one thing - all the surrounding communities who filled in their open spaces to generate tax revenue and now try to limit Stanford's growth as a research educational institution by restricting on-campus construction and allowable commute traffic.
pfWK0FcNG4UMhxl6jfR9fQ	Choose between breakfast foods, sandwiches, salads, burgers, fro-yo (not on the menu), all at student-affordable prices.  The ambiance isn't awesome and the portion size pretty small, but the art is unique, it's got a cafe-like noise-level, there's ample seating, and there are a few large flat-panel TVs on which to watch TV.It's no CoHo, but for an on-campus coffeehouse-like place to grab a quick bite and do some work, they could do a lot worse.
sk32M9pVN7r1Cpyf74dZmg	This is one of my favorite sandwich places ever and one of the few places that I liked off the show man vs food.  This sandwich is all kind of goodness as they have their own secret sauce and they grill the whole sandwich.  Also there are tons of items on the menu so you definitely will find something you want to eat.The only problem I have with IKE's is the wait...they need to do something about their process so they lose a star for that.  Also the ordering process is not that obvious and some people are kind of confused wondering what is going on
k4OdaJT9o5-LtbPCe7nlkw	Love the Spiffy Tiffy on dutch crunch bread. I wish Ike's had a diced chicken option. Their chicken is shredded, so it's a huge mess to eat!The line is SO long. Use the iphone app to order your sandwich to save some time. The iphone app is buggy and freezes though. You may need to be patient with it.Employees are super friendly.Sandwiches are unfortunately pretty pricey.... $8 (with tax) for a 4-inch half sandwich, more than $10 for most full-size sandwiches.During non-peak hours, there are plenty of tables in the Huang Center Atrium. Good place to work if you like ambient noise.
mj0TFO4fyv2K9BydUUZ_Yw	This is amazing!!!  I ordered the Paul Reubens sandwich and it was a 1000x delicious!  The pastrami and the poppy seed coleslaw with the french dressing created the perfect taste combination.  It was a bit messy, as the dressing would ooze out, but so worth it!  Would definitely order this one again, but have yet to try the many other mouth-watering sandwiches they serve.  Only thing disappointing is the price, otherwise I'd rate it a five.  I paid about $6-7 for HALF of a sandwich!!!  When I ordered the half, I assumed it would be a good, decent size, knowing that it was about seven bucks, come on now, that's almost the price of an average full-sized sandwich at many places.  The whole sandwich is $10, which i thought was pricey.  So, I went with the half and ended up still being hungry!  Poor my stomach and poor my wallet.  But, will have to go with the full-size and looks like I am still willing to pay the price for this super tasty sandwich!
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Expensive but nice food!
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	I've stopped by here a few times to pick up some coffee & brekkies in the late morning on the way to work. Their regular coffee is good, as is their iced coffee. I've had a breakfast burrito (GINORMOUS, full of eggs and potatoes with a yummy pico de gallo - had the rest of it for lunch), strawberry scone (ok) and banana bread (yummers).The staff is very super friendly and service is quick. It's conveniently located on campus. There's plenty of seating inside plus quite a few nice sunny tables outside.One thing I did notice is the majority of the people patronizing this place were male. Maybe a coincidence? I'll have to check it out at lunch to confirm.
Bm64uNe_NT2G_EyT3A8h3A	The food is quite good and all organic but the price is too high even for all organic.  The place gets insanely crowded during lunch and the line moves slowly.  I really believe that if there were anywhere obviously close to eat most people would take one look at the line and leave (try Byte Cafe 3 blocks away, during the week).The setting is wonderful with the view of Rodin garden.
Wb5Gs_FpWDYjrhn0luPd3A	One star only because it's free and enables people to use public transportation.Why not 5 stars? Maybe because several years ago, a driver ran over one of my co-workers and he became a patient on my floor. I hope it's safer now...for the sake of riders and pedestrians everywhere!
FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ	This is a fantastic alternative to the giant gym (Arrillaga). It's conveniently located and small, almost always less crowded. The people who check you in are really friendly, always saying hello and goodbye.  It has everything you need, if not everything you could want, and it's possible that the machine you want will be in use, since there aren't very many of them to begin with. It's also a little strange to be encased in the clear glass walls so everyone else can look at you struggling and sweating on the one treadmill that creaks weirdly.  But I love coming here, especially midday... Somehow it's so much easier to motivate myself to get here than all the way to Arrillaga!
UnDfCKbU9INlGtKDCcGtYw	Ike's makes excellent sandwiches. I've been to two different locations and enjoyed my meal each time.The wait sucks... so if you don't have fun friends to chat with while in line, then your experience will not be as nice.
S91kz40EtAo3AKUrDyEeDg	Good food, prices might just be a little bit too high. The panini are good just a bit dry for my taste.The pastries are very good, dare I say the best on campus? I don't, but it's still pretty good. If you want a change of pace or just want to sit in the fresh air check it out, it's worth a stop in.
8DPVGxH8zpCNUv6jUN4LqQ	PROS:As soon as you step onto the campus, you feel this inspiring glow that makes you want to go back to college and do it all over again!! We went biking here and besides the great scenery and soft breezy by the beautiful trees, the darn trail takes you straight to Bloomingdales! I felt like a lost puppy finally finding my home! LOLCONS:Nothing! Had a great time!FINAL ANSWER: Go and Bring your bike!!
8fgiuFMuN5yfoALzts-K7w	Probably the best food available on the Stanford campus.  Not all that filling, but definitely yummy.  The special always seems to be chicken curry or something of that sort.  Pork salad is good.  They seem to pre-make all of the food, so make sure you get there early.Also, the woman who runs the cash register is absolutely hilarious.  Her monotonic chanting will be emblazoned in your mind for years to come..."Curry!  Curry!  Chicken Souuuup!  Pork Salad!  Curry!"
bNMa0UClXjSWFCmGc3FLHw	I have a love-hate relationship with this auditorium. Overall, it's not as great of a theatrical venue as Memorial Auditorium, also on the Stanford campus. The acoustics are...challenging. Coming in as an outside lighting designer is...not thrilling. Even so, there is a certain charm to this place -- both from a backstage/onstage perspective, and from an audience perspective. There are 700 seats, a full orchestra pit, a large light loft (though with few lights), and a fun backstage. Please note that restroom availability is minimal for the size of the auditorium, so one should not down a Big Gulp just before seeing a production here.This is a good venue for student productions, simply because its quirks make the students work just a little harder. (By that token, it is also a good place to see student productions that have had a lot of blood, sweat, and tears go into them!) Just remember -- the front row isn't always the best seat in the house due to odd acoustics.
SWVrg9k-H9INVegf-4qe5Q	I am not one of the fortunate ones who have had Ike's in their lives prior to the one at Stanford.  So, today I popped my Ike's Place cherry and tried their sandwiches for the first time.  My Tony Soprano was delicious.  I love that the sandwich was served warm.  I am definitely a fan. I don't mind that they only serve half sandwiches with a bag of fruit or chips.  Frankly, I don't need to go into a food coma at my desk anyways.  But I would like the option of getting a full sized sandwich if I so wished.  It was great to meet you today, Ike!  Hopefully, I'll be seeing you again soon!  :)
Uj9cdIXedDlOD4B5GoB7gw	Ike's is amazing. Had the pizzle sandwich w/pesto and it was honestly the best sandwich I've ever had. Love love love it.  I went at 11am and there was no line -- got my sandwich in less than 5 minutes.  This place is a gem and I'm so happy it's on Stanford campus.
mR3rfZlLZjUvEy722UJHzw	I just wanted to share the experience that my son Zac & I had over the weekend at the Stanford Legends Football Camp.  Let me start by saying that this camp was outstanding & I highly reccomend it to anyone.  The camp coaches are all former & current Stanford players.  (Day-1) They worked the boys out in the morning (offensive focus), after lunch the players & parents are allowed to tour the Stadium.  We walked through the players tunnel onto the field & then walked up to the very top of the Stadium above the Sky Box & you can see for miles up there.  Then back to the practice field for more workouts (defensive focus).  Day two we toured the locker room where the Stanford players spoke to the boys mostly about the importance of academics & afterword all the boys wanted to see Andrew Luck's locker (that was cool).  Then we proceeded upstairs to the football offices where they have the Orange Bowl Championship & MVP trophies proudly displayed.  We all took pictures with the trophy (Sweet!)  Mike Mitchell completed the tour by taking the boys to the bust of Pop Warner speaking to them about his accomplishments at Stanford & the history of Pop Warner.  The boys were all given camp tee shirts & Nike Sparq back packs.  Each day ended with an obstacle course race that the boys absolutely loved.  Each player was matched with another player of similar size & speed.  They raced to the finish with all the parents & coaches cheering them on.  Needless to say it was an experience of a lifetime & I can't wait to go back next year.  If any of you are interested in the camp on 7/23 & 7/24 we have a special code (camp90) that gets us in for $90.  A small price to pay for an experience of a lifetime.   If interested you can sing your son up at:   http://stanfordfootballalumni.com/camp-registration/don't forget the promo code (camp90) Any questions can be directed to Mike MitchellMike Mitchell mikemitchell@stanfordalumni.org650-793-3015 Thanks, Bob Van Gelder
9pYZ0F5s4YRLqgo8vW6KjQ	awesome place, perfect for Stanford gear. The best staff and alot easier to get to than the bookstore. Kristine is right.
xtbetsUKa4QSxPM-FdDFIQ	This is a great coffee place on campus, which is actually kind of a rarity considering the competition (COHO etc.) are really overpriced for pretty weak coffee. The prices are pretty good here. A medium Latte is under $3, which is a rarity for the Palo Alto area. However, this isn't just a value buy, they have tons of cool drinks. In addition to the basic coffee, which is pretty strong, the Spicy Maya Mocha is AWESOME, definitely my favorite drink, and the chai's are pretty good, especially with a shot of espresso added. I've never had a panini, crepe, or salad here, but I hear they are pretty good as well. They also have a variety of non-coffee options like tea, hot chocolate, and some interesting sodas. The bad is that the baked goods are either not very good (the croissants look tasty, but taste pretty similar to sweetened cardboard) or overpriced (the biscottis are good, but run ~$2, which is expensive for something so small). This isn't a deal breaker, but I usually like something to munch on with my coffee so it's annoying that they don't have better options. The location is great, it's right outside of two of the biggest libraries on campus, so it's ideal for a study break or mid-afternoon drink. Also, it's not too loud, so it's a great place to meet someone for coffee on campus to talk with friends or professors.
lVjebp8x38Jw2QjU3kerYA	Best sandwich hands down. I have tried several, I like the menage a trois very much. Line gets long so I try to avoid the lunch rush. If you come during off peak hours, the wait is no more than 15-20 minutes. However, the reward is well worth it.
t0T6400Fc7FO89kqLURBBQ	I work on campus, and should really make an effort to walk to this place more often. I actually came here to pick up food for a meeting, and its just great.The serve is friendly, and you can really tell the passion they have for their food. The choices are overwhelming, but the clever online interface (selecting what meats, and cheeses, etc) really helps decipher the clever names.it can get crowded, but its Ike's. Just do it! Try to call in your order=)
rquMVml4tqfF331Wnsw7FA	I love sandwiches and this place is just as good as little lucca's, which is my go to place before they opened ike's. They have a generous amount of ingredients and can make anything your heart desires. My personal favorite is the sf giants sandwich. It may be a bit on the heavy side, but so yummy. I'd recommend sharing this sandwich because it is very filling.
VVacuGpdNGAkYpLYCXmGZw	My favorite sandwich place!!! My brother brought me to the Redwood City location first then when this place opened up, we have been going regularly every week, either on Saturday or Sunday at 10am. I like to avoid the long line and get my sandwich. My favorite and only sandwich I eat here is the Herbert Hoover with extra, extra, extra dirty sauce. I usually order 3 and eat 1 1/2 there, then save the rest for later that day! If you love sandwiches as much as I do, you should go here and at least try their delicious sandwiches!!
cTHvB1avJo4JrrtBHID4Dw	Worst restaurant at Stanford when it comes to food. Service and the place as such is OK.
urYQWasWysIcbu9FWpaeIQ	I just had the Stanford Bartender's at my husband's 40th this past weekend.  I had met them at friend's 40th in January! Extremely professional, very thorough and helped with everything in the planning of the event! Great personality, cleanup and setup.  For any event I would highly recommend them and my friends all commented on them being awesome! It's a great touch for a party!
eydaYzZbJ-2cLcEDA5d5hQ	What a great place to get away from it all, in the haven of an idyllic campus setting.  Perfect spot for a healthy, tasty, and cultured meal on a lazy summer evening, or for a lunch and an iced tea.Fresh, organic ingredients galore.  Chilled ice water with lemons.  This place is high class, and yet campus casual all at once.  As mentioned in other reviews here, the grassy veranda is perfect for the kiddos to practice their summer saults under the ever-present influence of the Rodin sculpture garden just an errant frisbee toss away.Fair prices, fresh food, exciting selections.  Did I mention they serve beer and wine?  Alrighty then.  Make sure you pay the parking meters, unless you want to make another contribution to the Stanford endowment.NOTE:  Keep an eye out for summer music series where you can enjoy free entertainment and culture while you dine.  And, don't forget to browse the free museum on your way in or out.
Tag7Nfw-bW95umiYmPQrWg	Great bookstore for purchase of all sorts of books, including professional.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	PE Classes: 5 Stars"Enrichment" Classes: 2 StarsGeneral Facilities: 2 StarsGym Area: 3 StarsRock wall: ???There are a variety of PE Classes which are pretty cheap for students.  They vary by your interest and the instructor, but are a great resource overall.  The "enrichment" classes are different - they cost more (typically $90) and aren't for credit.  If you are a student, spend your money elsewhere!  The trainers aren't bad, but there are much cheaper options!Facilities are a bit hit or miss.  The place is pretty new, but it has lots of minor issues.  If it is raining out, the floor is a slippery mess.  There aren't lockers in this building, so the bathroom stalls are usually occupied by students changing.  There will not be any paper towel left in the evening.  If it is hot outside, it is terrible and oppressive inside.The "gym" portion has a little bit of everything... perhaps to the detriment of it all.  It is usually very crowded - treadmills, weights, everything.  Not only is almost all of the equipment in use, it is very close together.  There is a rock wall here, so I guess that is cool.
ZBfRSs6u0RdOrX4TkIo8hQ	As a http://modernworkinggirl.blogspot.com/, I love coming here during work hour. It's got great energy (filled with brainiacs) and the food is decent. I love making my own sandwiches when the lines are too long. Pesto sandwich with turkey, cucumber, tomato and cheese! A Modern Working Girl's must eat!
6HfGx_gVu1IHFnPL66kAOQ	Stanford has been the best neighbor a girl could ask for.  They let me play on their soccer fields and roam their trails on my bicycle.  They hold events and have classes that are open to the public.  I've gone to some of the events and am currently taking a class.  This is a gem of a resource for all of us, not just the students.Thank you for the adventures and for being so beautiful.
56Vd6f-R6ibUCxsV2sDc1A	I went back to Thai Cafe and tried their shrimp salad; it was actually pretty good!  Granted, my meal was subsidized, so I'm not sure if it's worth $6, but at least the portion sizes are decent and can last you two meals if you're not starving.  The "salad" is really a noodle dish with some pieces of lettuce scattered throughout; in my opinion, it was much better than the green curry I had.  Also, the noodles are better as leftovers than the rice dishes.
6hm95cE2cZ8Cy3j9QTUGPg	I have enjoyed the Coupa Café on Ramona, even though I think it's a bit hyped up for what it is, but it had been a while. And when you think 'Coupa' you think crepes and chocolate. Sounded good to me (a far cry from the Moonbeams of yore). The drinks were way smaller than average, in and of itself not a big deal. But the crepes = YUCK! The taste was barely OK, they were really really thick and the texture was not as smooth as it should be. Wow. What a let down. I ordered a lemon/sugar crepe, which came tasting of butter and honey. There was no lemon taste at all. I suggested maybe the people thought it was the honey crepe and made the wrong one by accident, but no, they insisted that that was the lemon/sugar crepe. They suggested remaking it and I said that I really wanted to taste the lemon and get rid of the honey flavor. They took my crepe away, and came back after about 6mins with the SAME (sampled) crepe and a tub of lemon juice. OK, now I have a cold crepe with a honey taste but at least plenty of lemon juice to drown out the honey. I poured a generous amount on the crepe (remember this is THICK) but really regretted it. I never suspected it could be true, but they use the FAKE lemon (from a bottle) which is really horrible. It's like using shelf/packaged parmesan instead of fresh grated. Quite a different beast. What a disappointment. I never found the crepes at the downtown Coupa great, but at least they were a nice change from other cafe food and acceptable. I won't bother having them here (or likely there) again though. Too many other good crepe options about.
qkdJvjUvqIfOhHQjaNeeZA	Stanford Women's Basketball!  Go Lady Cardinal!!  Woo, OK.  So, I have been coming to Maples Pavillion for the past 12 years.  And, I like the new remodel.  I still instinctively look to the sides of the court for where the old scoreboards used to be.  The facility is great.  The new seats are so much more comfortable then the benches.  The bathrooms are nice.  I love everything about Women's Basketball, and that everything def includes Maples.
vZjrRlOg3eWjvlJahXi_-Q	Lucretius said that : "What is food to one, is to others bitter poison".  This quote echoed in my head as I read through the positive reviews of this establishment.  I've eaten at the 750 a few times and was consistently disappointed.  The menu is heavy on the fried and greasy, thus catering to the lowest common denominator of taste pallets imaginable.  Make no mistake about it, the 750 would never survive outside the gates of Stanford, in the world where market forces determine the fate of eateries.  With that being said, it is a decent place to have a beer and unwind after a long day of grad school-- but don't eat the food!!  Moreover, it is the place to be on Tuesday night, when the 750 hosts a weekly stand-up comedy show.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	The coffee is fine, but the one time I ordered tea the hot water seemed like it came from a coffee carafe.  No amount of steeping tea can cover the flavor of old, burnt coffee.Another time I was in a hurry, so ordered a drip coffee.  The cashier said they were making it and it would be a few minutes.  She said I could have an americano for the same price, which seemed reasonable.  Well, it took a few minutes for my americano and by time I got it the coffee had been ready for a few minutes.
_WBym43zxMEVxqf9aWuezQ	Partly I hate this place because they closed the CoHo to make sure people would come here. The CoHo was, as its name implied, an actual coffee house, a cozy student hangout that had pretty good food, pretty good coffee, and even acted as a small musical venue (I saw Jonathan Richman play there, as well as a colleague with a mandolin in a talent show). The Axe and Palm is just a grill that serves coffee. The ambience is akin to a recently renovated McDonalds, with Cheesecake Factory colors. It is almost the antithesis of a nice coffee shop.But its also not even a good grill. There already is a good grill on campus, right next door, the Treehouse, and it is much better than this place. The food at the Axe & Palm is perfectly edible, but not much beyond that. And the name is cringe worthy. You can tell that everything about this place was devised by a consulting company.Note that the map is wildly wrong about where this place is, but it doesn't matter: you should never need to go here. For grill type food, go to the Treehouse in the Tressider Student Union. For coffee, go to Moonbeams, in front of the library, or at least the Peets next to this place. For an actually really good lunch, go to the Thai Cafe in the basement of the Psych building. And even if this is the only place open, you're still better off eating at the convenience store in Tressider.
08mOpJRCpZe3D8UHszP4FA	First time to Stanford Memorial Auditorium.  It's a nice theater that can hold close to 2,000.  It's across the street from the Hoover Tower, a fountain in the middle, then the Auditorium.  We went to see Aida - the Elton John & Tim Rice's Broadway show performed by Stanford students.  It's playing for 1 more day, Sat 4/18/09.  There's Orchestra seating and Balcony.Tickets you can buy online for an extra .75c or at the door.  If you buy at the door bring CASH or Check - No Credit Cards.  $20 for general admission is a bargain!We got Balcony Left, Seats A1 (Aisle) & A3.  I thought the seats were fine, though you do have the 3 ft rail right in front of you.  Maybe B1 & 3 are better, or Balcony center 114.Show was from 8:15 (started late, should have been 8pm) to 9:30pm (15 min Intermission) and ended at 10:30pm.  I liked the male lead Radames - played by Alex Nourishad.  Nice 6 pack - shirtless in many scenes.Amneris The Princess played by Gianna Masi has a nice voice.  Aida played by Re Phillips was good too.Some funny scenes - not sure if on purpose or not.Songs I liked:Every Story Is A Love StoryMy Strongest SuitEasy As Life (Heather Headley on Youtube)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2PAg6neH8E&feature=relatedWritten In the Stars: (Elton John's video on YouTube)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8O2R-0fJfk&feature=relatedThe Gods Love NubiaBathrooms: 2 handicap on the Left of the entrance.  Women's down another flight of stairs on the Left: 7 stalls/4 sinks.  Men's -down some stairs on the Rt. Recommended.Website:http://www.stanford.edu/group/rams-head/Aida09-site/
K91sl-GeZ79vYjVDVUX8Sw	I use Zipcar often and the convenience is incredible. Through the university, the cars are only $8/hour and I've never had difficulty finding one nearby that's available when I need it. In fact, with so many locations on campus, I often pull up the website on my phone and make reservations on the way to a parking lot with the assumption that a nearby location will likely accommodate my schedule. Additionally, I have never had a problem with cleanliness or gas.That being said, the service relies on the punctuality and good-keeping of others. Of the hundreds of dollars I have spent renting the cars, I have only had two problems in the past: once a driver was more than 10 minutes late returning the car and, more recently, the battery on the car was dead. With the former, I wasn't incredibly inconvenienced and they moved me to a different vehicle while crediting a free hour. With the latter, the system should have blocked the car from registration (apparently they knew hours beforehand that the battery was dead) so they gave me two free hours.It seems a lot of people have complaints about customer service but I've always been treated well. The purported $50 late fee -- even when people call in advance -- is fairly ridiculous but luckily I haven't had to deal with that issue. Despite the couple of occasions of frustration, I've only had good experiences. I give five stars because problems are inevitable when you rely on random people and unforeseeable circumstances. Zipcar is a huge convenience that I couldn't do without.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	Never thought I'd see apple and brie pizza on a menu.Never thought I'd love apple and brie pizza so much.Food wait time is about 5-8 minutes, so don't come here if you are in a rush. They are quite efficient in their food prep though. I haven't ever been disappointed in their service. There are plenty of tables around the cafe, but during lunch time you'll be hard pressed to find a free one.Their daily specials are also worth trying. A cute, hip cafe in the engineering quad.
FAArGkbd6l3t73uR-jfw_Q	You can get a faddish but surprisingly good acai (ah-sigh-EE) smoothie here. What's not to like?
MPKhB5s2K8-o6hIYvmlCaw	I came to the Stanford faculty center for a wedding.  The venue is lovely and large and accommodates a good number of people.  The service I attended was lovely and the venue itself is well put together.  There's nothing more I could ask for from a reception hall: a stage and dance floor.  The food was only okay the steak was undercooked and made some members of my party sick.The court yard just outside the hall is very nice for appetizers.  I appreciated the wait staff being as accommodating as they were.  The ladies room is a bit out of the way but still intuitively placed.  It has large mirrors that are perfect for a good pow wow.  Overall, good spot for a formal party.
tjFs-IIx435_3F6Dz7EoyA	Best sandwich place ever. Seriously - ridiculously high quality ingredients, massive quantities of meat and veggies - no skimping! - very friendly and fun staff (especially if you speak a little spanish), very reasonable prices (especially if you opt for the Lox and bagel option for breakfast - cheapest good lox anywhere in the bay that I've been to) and surprisingly good coffee (try the vannilla hazelnut with a little bit of fresh nutmeg - the grinder is on the counter next to the register). They also take credit cards, which is nice as well. Just make sure to avoid the ridiculous lunch rush around noon...Other big plusses - Tuesday and Thursdays, awesome barbeque outside - really really good... try the steak sandwich... awesome... My friend tells me the (quite huge) hot dogs on barbeque days are great too... This was one of the major bright spots for me when i was sudying for my medical Boards exam... kept me sane...
7zNRYBXuNJJGqUOvUcMZ0w	I come for the succulent succulent gardens with various species of cacti from around the world. Quite amazing to see the so many cacti in the Bay Area!  I have had several photo sessions here, as the weather is always great!
pois1eQIEqu2tJi36tzH4Q	Zipcar's home office resolved my issues, which I appreciate so I'm adding back two stars.Some additional thoughts:It might help if zipcar gave their customer service reps more power to resolve people's problems right away - maybe not for larger things, but half hour driving credits for example seems reasonable.Also, texting instead of calling when you're late would make more sense.   The reps on the phone do nothing when you call ahead when you're late, and it wastes time you could be spending driving back waiting around on hold,  (calling might even make you late), so texting in that you will be late would make more sense.Another thing that would be nice is if you could rent a car just by going up to it and swiping your zipcard - the whole reservation process could be handled via text - "confirm renting x car for 1 hr, car available until time t" etc.Dealing with the mobile website is so time consuming it seems silly when you're already standing next to the car you want.
-flocDiSHUbPQOzf2mEftQ	Affordable classes that give you a great workout. I particularly like Candace's pilates challenge (which sets the bar much higher than I can reach, meaning I am always getting a good workout) and Shilpa's Friday conditioning class, where I always leave with shaking, quaking legs. I used to attend Keri's step classes before my knee injury, and those were always a great cardio and lower body workout. In terms of the yoga, I find it "ok", but then again I am more of a pilates person than a yoga person. If you are looking for "yoga ambiance" and that whole mood of meditation thing, I didn't find it here, but instead prefer to take the occasional yoga class at Avalon on California St, which sets that mood and also gives a good workout. They also have a pretty stocked equipment set, and will provide you with anything you need, such as resistance bands, weights, and mats. Overall, the SAY program is AWESOME! I always get a top notch workout, and don't leave feeling broke (money-wise, that is).
o8h4yOIbvHRF1k5IRhz2kw	Hallelujah - a frozen yogurt stand on Stanford campus! I've already been here twice since it opened two weeks ago, and I'm craving more. I'm no frozen yogurt connoisseur, and I can't tell the difference between the yogurt at Fraiche and Red Mango. I just love frozen yogurt in general, especially when there are fresh toppings like mangoes, blueberries, and mochi pieces available. A short bike ride away from my classes, Fraiche really hits the spot after my stomach has been grumbling throughout an entire two-hour lecture.
8aSgFHQTJJo7CCNUUfOffg	This place makes good sandwiches.  Everyone back in norcal tells me its AMAZING.. ITS AWESOME.... ITS THE BEST EVER.... and again, norcal has let me down.They are good.  But thats about it.  I dont find it special... their "bomb" sauce or whatever it is... its good, but its not HOLYFCKSHT amazing like everyone up there claims.Had this place at least 5-6 times... and to me its just a solidly good sandwich.  I might even say this place is 4.5 because honestly, you have no other options up there... where else you gonna eat for this type of sandwich?  subway? quiznos?Sorry, but horribly overhyped yet again.***LIKES:  Matt Cain was pretty good.DISLIKES:  Its inside stanford university... which is a dream school of mine back over a decade ago.. i didnt get in.  stepping foot onto this campus makes me sad and angry at the same time...VERDICT:  Another place overhyped by people who live in a bubble and need to explore outside of the bay area for food... seriously.. go to another city and try some food...
0nkYjIAMO4MYPtE-rEuXfw	Well my favorite sandwich place is Earl of Sandwich, but seeing how that all the way out in Las Vegas and can't go there very much this place fills in very nicely. I have only come here on a couple of Saturday afternoon's so I can't really say that it was too busy. My favorite sandwich here is the Matt Cain on dutch crunch, it's such a great sandwich, very flavorful. My only knock about this place is they are hard to find. My first time here I spent about 10 minutes looking for it because I was not used to the Stanford campus.
S4mlwi1IlWFOOKMLw4SDCQ	I went here for lunch today, and it was great the owner was friendly. also if you know some of the sports people you might see them here,
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	Good enough if you are close enough.
D1LeNWYRYX5Y3QU501k3tQ	Super awesome place!!! I can't believe they have over 200 sandwiches to choose from!  We were told that the list on their menu is only a fraction of the sandwiches they make! We came here on a Saturday, so luckily it wasn't crowded as I hear it is on the weekdays.  We didn't have to wait in line, but it was about a 10 min wait for the food, which wasn't bad at all.  I tried the Spiffy Tiffy and Al Bundy sandwiches.  My fave was the Al Bundy, which consisted of salami with French dressing.  OMG it was amazing!  The Spiffy Tiffy was good as well, which had Halal chicken breast with pesto and stuff. The sandwiches even come with a free bag of chips or fruit.  The funky fusion was the best flavor, which was like a mix of BBQ and vinegar or something like that.  Oh, and the guy taking our order was super nice and helpful as well.  He explained to us how their place works and recommendations for us.  This place is probably one of the best, if not the best sandwich place i've ever been to.  Absolutely LOVVVEEE ITTT!!! =D
1fbqafPJJ-kxQgrJqt9wPQ	+1 good coffee-1 crowded so no sockets+1 some healthy choices, like the tartine sampler+1 tasty paninis-1 my friend got served his panini but I had to ask them where my order was--apparently they forgot it?these numbers somehow add to 3 stars.
sLbDXTef_KJe40h9U0Y7QA	This Stanford sculpture garden is located on the main campus just shy of Lake Laguinita in a grove of trees.   Near the lake, on this section of campus, is where there would be more built-in protection to a site with this form of carved sculpture.  The carving was done on site by a group of New Guinean sculptors in residence.  Refer to the description by Glaciala A., the first Yelper.So, I am sorry to have missed witnessing the process of the sculpting. What is visible in the sculptures is how the artists responded to being on campus and being in this grove.  With the differing light levels filtering through the tops of the trees and angling through other openings, it can be diffcult to photograph the works here.  From my visits are a few images that resonated at the time.In the recent past, a frenzy of infill has been taking place on campus; as a consequence, this sculpture garden with its surrounding trees becomes even more significant.   Thankfully, the garden is accessible to all who wish to be with the work.
fEmZHZC7KCQcC-62giMTdQ	I'm offended this place only has 3 stars.  I'd give it 4 but I'm doing 5 out of spite.  Or, the opposite of spite.It's a Peet's.  They don't take gift cards and the baristas work part time downstairs in Nexus.  But they pour a great iced coffee, oh yes they do.  I will continue to flirt with the ladies behind the counter until they make me a customer of the week (in which you're awarded with a framed 8x10 of yourself on the wall).Oh, and they play decent music.  I suggested Rodrigo & Gabriela once and they played it non-stop for 2 weeks.  I think that's a compliment.
uO6VkmLx-ESl-_8lFMmZRA	This is simply the worst coffee location in the bay area.  Worse than the lowest Starbucks of the low.  Why?  - The prices are just as high as the yuppie/.commer places on University Ave., but the drinks and food are much, much lower quality.  C'mon people, if you're going to have Coupa prices, you need to bring the Coupa goods.  And really, $2.25 chocolate chip cookies?- The worst, slowest, most incompetent, most insufferable, most distracted/chatty staff work the busiest time, i.e., the morning rush.  Just try to get coffee before a 9:am class, or, worse, a latte.  Go ahead.  Try.  - Everything, with the possible exception of the drip coffee, just tastes flat-out bad.  First place in this category goes to the "piroskis" (sp?) -- which are nothing but expensive microwaved clumps of grease with unidentifiable (probably feline) filling.  I'm surprised the ASPCA isn't onto this place yet.  Honorable mention: the chai (as you'll see from my other reviews, I'm a bit picky about my chai, which should clue you in to the general badness of this shithole, that the utterly loathsome chai only got honorable mention).  This place makes baby jesus spit up his zwieback.
TbDOHRKSddMd8fdJqjKirQ	perhaps I'm not a huge fan of the soy...it tasted a bit, tasteless?I agree with the other reviews too that logistically it's not the fastest place, I prefer self serves where I can have more choices and get out faster
hP7mKqLv57veQKiFWvA0Dw	This place is a staple on Stanford campus, for better or for worse. Coffee is generally weak, but the pastries are really good and the food is OK overall.Get the Monkey Bread when there's a good dose of caramel on top and have them warm it up in the oven vs microwave. The veggie chili with quinoa is good, although they reheat the quinoa in a plastic bag in the microwave. BEWARE: Kitchen ventilation is NOT adequate so you'll smell like COHO when you leave. Staff can be very friendly and personable if you make the first step.Oh, they have beer on draft. They often have live music and such going on, which is great.
__dUOXQ2Pa149eLgsL-tHA	I've been attending the NCAA Tennis Championships these last two weekends + Memorial Day, purchasing reserved seating for the entire series. My seat is right in front, net side, and it has been a blast. Very clean facility and nice people; reasonably decent food in the VIP tent. I will say that the Stanford website did NOT make it easy for me to find information on the event, and I consider myself search-savvy; what gives? Free parking has been nice, too. In July the Bank of the West tournament plays and I just might go!
Suw8tiW7EHWpt7HhuB7SDw	A fitness center without locker rooms. Clearly a genius was behind this work of art. At Stanford, nonetheless.Okay, so you work here, you are a slave to the books and your studies here... thus, you gym it here. Convenience, price, and spotting the hottie from your Entrepreneurship class sweating it out on the elliptical all make it worth your while to get in on the action.Basketball and squash courts, a yoga/pilates/martial arts studio, a rock climbing gym, state-of-the-art sports therapy and a jam packed-to-the-mirrors sweaty fitness center, you can get fit and never get bored.Open before dawn and open until bed time or at least, when you begin tackling your work, usually 1 a.m. If you forget your ID, it's likely you'll be able to slip by the front desk, just act like you know where you're going and don't look back.The Pros:Free (for students/faculty/staff, bring a friend for $5)Open early (but you're still sleeping...)Open late (better for you than a late night boozing at the Nut House)Options - an ID in the door gives you access to everything (including Endless (and endlessly full) bike racks outside (don't be lazy and drive to the gym, it's not helping your ever widening hiney)MMmmm rock climbers... check them out. Join them. You will not be disappointed. Untapped resource.The Cons:NO LOCKER ROOMS? WTF!?!...as a Stanford Staff member, the gym comes after work, it does not involve swinging by my non-existant dorm room and changing into some sexy spandex and lycra get-up. If only. Changing in the bathroom it is. A sure treat. No (secure) lockers to store your belongings and no shower to hose down afterwards. (Unless you head across the street to the pool or to the Ford Center).The elliptical/stair-stepper end of the fitness center is mysteriously in the dark and has zero circulation. Bring your iPod because you'll strain your eyes reading a magazine and drip sweat on it anyway."Cardio paging in effect" - you may or may not notice this sign on the desk when you walk in the fitness center. If you see it, just ask at the desk. It means their busy and don't even think about jumping on the next treadmill. But to a gym newbie or someone so in-the-zone you fly right by the desk, this means nothing. Just ask.The bottom line:you'll feel better when you leave than when you came in. So what are you waiting for?
Ehzzjf9VWRoY5_ik-YGCOQ	Over the past 18 years of driving I have worked on my own vehicles and occasionally used shops for specialty work. Since starting graduate school working on the car is not an option. Based on that background, I recommend Kurt and Joe as mechanics of mechanics. These guys work on everything from antiquated 1950's flat heads to new cars, and of every make and model. They do everything from engine replacement to tire alignment; with the ability to cover this domain, it is clear both of them could have been Stanford mechanical engineers if they had wanted.  My car has 410,000k miles and once a year it is in their shop 100% nonfunctional with instructions that if they cannot fix it I am buying a new car; they have yet to fail. On top of their commitment as professionals they will talk shop and answer abstract conceptual questions that most would give strange looks at. Kurt and Joe are genuinely good people that care about the person driving the car. Ask them about their life and their families and you will find they are real people. Holistic automotive care is not common.
AQF9JwbQP7ZBO_Zr3w54pg	Slow slow slow slow slow slow slow service.
Iqfc_JtaStZwPG66WsBkLg	Other than their catchy name and their prime location (right outside Green Library), this little coffee joint doesn't have that much going for it.  I'd rather wake up a little earlier and drive to Starbucks or better yet Coupa before class.
kOVxC6FyaxQdxkhsztnd7Q	One thing I have missed since becoming a vegetarian is a good meatball sub. I am so happy I found Lutticken's and their AMAZING vegetarian meatball sub. Thank you!!!!
UMpXkI_N0PaPprhhiUUZ0w	We went there on a weekend brunch but the place was packed.  A bit on the pricey side, but for sure their food is good.  Parking and seating may be a bit of a hassle during the peak hours.
63IsblsehOcN2OvhVIP9Vg	I have a love-hate relationship with this place, but despite that it's very important to me... so here goes for the 100th first.Pros/Cons:+Top 10, name brand... and attracts amazing classmates.  I thought they made a mistake with my letter, because there were PhDs, people who'd started schools in Nepal, Olympic gymnasts, NCAA track stars...  you'd be hard-pressed to find a more diverse, well-rounded group.-That diverse, well-rounded class you started out with?  Med school makes everyone focus on the same thing...  and all of a sudden hardly anyone's got time to pursue outside interests.  Kinda sad.+Flexible academic scheduling and encourages time off for research...-...if academic research is your thing.+Administration is high-powered and is able to obtain tons of opportunities for students via connections.-High-powered admin also means students don't get as much of a say.  There have been several student life issues that've been "in talks" for the last 5 years.+total immersion in a lifestyle; really the best way to learn.-I could do without living in the hospital for 3 days straight, though.+You get to wear scrubs.-You don't get to watch Scrubs.++Overall, you can make of the experience what you want.  The friends, the patients, the mentors... late nights, panic attacks, finals, getting wasted, coping with death, and helping others to cope.  Without these 4 (or more) years I guarantee you would've become a different person.  It's truly a humbling and eye-opening journey.
x6-3UhVkK3Zln-ACku8hUQ	The only bad experience I've had, too, was with Patricia Blevins.  Incredibly rude, I also won't make appointments with her, even if it means waiting a day.  She eventually prescribed me something I didn't want, and I never filled it.  Everyone else I've has been great, though!
C79amSxSy_uNqbiwfL4M5w	Can't go wrong with my menage a trois on Dutch crunch!  Unfortunately, they've been inconsistent with the BBQ sauce.  Sometimes it'll be dripping with it, sometimes I'll barely taste it, and sometimes one half will have plenty while the other will have none.  For the love of sandwiches, please try and be consistent!  I remain loyal, though, and still love Ike's :)
Ke8pIITKzatUhLjcwrqfkA	Carlos is an amazing mixologist!!!I am so glad to have him for the surprise birthday party I was hosting. I can't thank him enough for accepting the job after finding out I was out of a bartender that I have been set-up with for months in advanced, whom I've been emailing back and forth. This happened only 2 days before the event, but Carlos was able to put my mind at ease and understood the stress I was going through with planning such event. A lot of planning was already in place for the surprise birthday party so you could only imagine what he had to put up with with me when I was frantic.I was so lucky! Carlos was familiar with the classic cocktails I have chosen to have at the party and he was able to serve ALL 17 of them. He helped me make a few decisions on what I may need for the bar and offered suggestions for mixing variations of the drinks so that the night would go smoothly. He mixed the drinks perfectly and they tasted excellent. I was happy as well as my guests with his performance and ability. Carlos helped create a lively atmosphere with his energy. He was very social and personable to my guests. He even taught my friends a thing or two on how to mix drinks. I had no doubt in my mind that he knew what he was doing. He was able to give information about the liquors and drinks at the party.After, Carlos even helped me with cleaning aside from his bar area. I would highly recommend him to bartend your parties and I would definitely hire him again!
GVCAx8-_1Kz0tUAlqm5gKg	I'm not a student here, nor will i ever be able to afford this place, but goddamn this campus is cool! Great to just walk around it! although you might get super tired cuz its crazy huge. Places to eat on University avenue are endless and are awfully good. And some important people in this earth have walked out of this campus, so its for sure a great institution. Maybe one day ill be ballin enough to send my kids here.
c4mkYDTjJc-_lOM32YaPPQ	This place only gets 5 stars if you can plan ahead.  You know:1) Wake up2) Realise you will want to eat lunch that day3) Think "the tastiest lunch in Ike's sandwiches"4) Go onto the smartphone app and place your order5) Pick up your sandwich later that daySeriously, if you show up hoping to get place the order and get the sandwich you will be waiting for ever!  I was amazed to see that at 1 PM on a Saturday there was a very long (just like a weekday) line.  I ordered via my smartphone for a 3 PM pickup... and the line hadn't gotten any shorter by then.  They close at 3 PM on a Saturday, so I fear many of those kind, hungry people were going to be sad and not get their sandwich.  If you end up sad and without a sandwich, I'm sure you wouldn't give it 5 stars.Sure, it is expensive.  So is everything else on campus worth eating.  And half of the stuff not worth eating.  There is no meal I would rather eat on campus than Ike's and for the money I actually end up full.  On some days (where I won't be trying to live on one meal all day) a half sandwich is good enough.My favorites: Ex-boyfriend, Lincecum, Matt Cain, Al Bundy
t0T6400Fc7FO89kqLURBBQ	I find this place rather splendid on campus. My favorite sandwich by far is the cubano, but i am also fond of their pastas.The food is rather generous and affordable making it a great lunch pick, along with a pretty solid menu. It can get kinda crowded, but its eating on campus..what's one to expect. The service is only average though. they work really hard, and don't do anything wrong, just nothing spectacular.Yay COHO...i hear the coffee is pretty good too, and they have pastures and cakes..and even beignets!
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	I've only been back once since they've re-opened. I love the updated decor and the funny cartoons on the wall. But I CANNOT wait 12 minutes for my coffee to come out. The whole freakin' reason Americans love coffee in little paper cups is because we are drinking it on the go. We are not the French, we don't have time to stop and spend half an hour sipping our coffee and feeding pigeons. Sorry CoHo, I can't drink your coffee if you can't get it to me quickly. Maybe I'm harsh but you have too much competition on campus... step up your game.
XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFw	The Bookstore, owned by a third party unaffiliated with the university, is a decent option if you absolutely need it. That said, everything in the bookstore can be offered at better prices elsewhere.If you're a visitor to the campus and are looking for Stanford apparel, gifts, or souvenirs, my best advice is to walk across the street to Tresidder, where you'll find the Stanford Store. The Stanford Store is owned and operated by actual Stanford students, with all profits going back to the student body. It's the smaller and friendlier place where you can get souvenirs. You can see my review of the Stanford Store here: http://www.yelp.com/user_details_reviews_self?review_filter=first&userid=XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFwBut I digress; back to the bookstore...The ground level floor is where you can find the general bookstore as well as greeting cards and magazine. The mezzanine just beneath it has office supplies. The basement beneath that has textbooks and books that students can buy for courses. If you go up a level above the ground floor, you'll find a computer store, Stanford apparel, and a cafe.Books are generally overpriced, taking advantage of students who don't have cars as well as the fact that they have a virtual monopoly on sales of books on campus. Same deal with Stanford apparel. Same deal with the computer store. The cafe, however, does have a lot of competition in the area, so they tend to keep their prices low.For almost everything, if you have a car, there are better options.And if you're a tourist, visit the Stanford Store instead. You'll rest easier knowing you're benefiting Stanford students, instead of giving your money to a faceless profiteering third party.
jLLn-XN34U5V4RjV1uuWgA	We hit up this location for Fraiche because we have never been to the Stanford location or even step foot on the school's campus before.  Please keep in mind that I have been to the Emerson (now Hamilton) location at least five times.  EVERY time I had gone to the Emerson spot, everything was top notch and flawless and would gladly pay any price for that kind of excellence in quality and taste in the yogurt as well as the toppings.That being said, our experience at the standford location was a bust.  We ordered one chocolate with the valrhona and sliced almonds and the vanilla one with mochi and mangos.  First of all, both of our yogurts were closer to a smoothie than actual yogurt.  The icy texture was a big taste bud turn off.  The mochi tasted like it was stale, the mango pieces seemed unripe and the chocolate was long shaved (which isn't that big of a deal).  It was a bust driving down to this location for such a letdown and will just continue to go to the one deeper in Palo Alto where we know the quality will always be consistently superb.  I don't mind paying Fraiche prices for Fraiche yogurt, but I start caring when I am paying a Fraiche price for something an inferior product.  I will stick with the Hamilton location for now.
eydaYzZbJ-2cLcEDA5d5hQ	Having played this golf course more than 50 times in the past 20 years, I feel convicted in offering my highest rating for this golf course.  This isn't about the amenities, or the food or anything but the golf course itself.The reason this course is so great is the layout of the holes.  Truly, not another course I'm familiar with requires a player to have a complete all-around game, from tee to green.  There are some great driving holes, while other holes require placement and good course management.  The greens are fair yet challenging.  The course has elevation change, but nothing extreme.  Several of the holes require a carry over the creek that winds it's way though the course, which creates risk/reward decisions.It's a fun, fair, and very beautiful course.  Challenging too.  Michelle Wie won't be disappointed.
IVF0FIjcxxOZk0zfcElu-A	A million miles away from reality whenever I have a sandwich from here. The bomb.
uT_J1dCJ3KQ6L_iZy0_UjA	This place was originally going to be called "Sketchy's", which would have been awesome.  This place is an Oasis in a desert of Stanford Dining-run slop-houses.  The food is good, not great, and the prices are average, but comparing it to what's in the vicinity (the next closest bar is La Bodeguita about 15-20 minutes of walking away) means that this place is a godsend to anyone who lives in Rains or EV.They have big TVs which they will let you change the channel on, a somewhat institutional feel thanks to restrictions placed on the place by the donor of the building (John Arrillaga, who built half of campus).In conclusion, be glad that there is something here, and that the people running it are nice and make an effort.
IFtbvwIpjbbl5fE6sbf0dQ	I never knew a sandwich could taste so good. There are some really funky sandwiches at Ike's and I really wasn't brave enough to try anything all that crazy since it was my first time. I had the Jim Rome and let me tell you, I was in HEAVEN! Much to my disappointment, they didn't have avocado when I went, but I subbed the avocado for cucumbers and it was still one awesome sandwich. The red pesto and the dutch crunch bread really did it for me... and I don't know exactly what is in their dirty sauce, but it is effing delicious. I'm sad I popped my Ike's cherry because we all know things aren't as good the second time around. :( Four stars because they ran out of avocado (if you've read my other reviews you know running out of ingredients/things on the menu is a pet peeve of mine) and also because the sandwiches are really pricey. I can't believe they have sandwiches going for as much as ~$20?! Ridiculous. If they are going to charge that much for their sandwiches they should reinstate the +fruit and chips deal they used to have.
YE6owgI_-m9KJqXysEHg9Q	I was at Stanford for a talk and arrived there early so I thought I'd check out Hoover tower as it was just across from the auditorium.  I am so glad I did because it was so nice.  It only cost $2 (for the public, free for students of Stanford) There are two rooms on the first floor which have some exhibits.  An elevator takes you up to the top of the tower where you can take in a very nice view of the Stanford campus and further.   Check out the pictures I posted and you'll see what I mean.Definately a must do at some point whether you're visiting the area or are a bay area local.
gm87tv2u2TXFFlm-NR_Asg	Awesome awesome 5 star sandwiches, but too bad about the wait (minus 1 star for the hour long wait)...Since this location is on the Stanford campus, many students stop here for lunch, causing a long one hour wait to order and receive the sandwich.  Next time I will return to Ike's place in San Francisco instead.  You also have to pay for parking, which is not cool just to get some lunch.  The building was also kind of hard to find since I'm not a Stanford student.I ordered a large Say Hey sandwich (pastrami, swiss, and bacon) with avocado and shared it with my boy toy.  Their dirty sauce and the crispy dutch crunch bread makes the sandwich heavenly because the sauce melts into the warm, crispy bread.  The avocado mixed with the dirty sauce makes the sandwich really rich and creamy.  The sandwich also comes with either a piece of fruit or a bag of "dirty chips".I came on the Friday before Halloween, and most the workers were dressed up.  They were quite a fun and friendly group of people.  Aside from the long wait and crappy location, sandwiches at Ike's Place is one of my faves!
XC8zLBhsCBmaJ5cL4izwsw	I wish there was an equivalent in Denver.  This place is awesome.  And the dirty chips are like crack.  I really don't think you can go wrong here, and if you don't know what you want, ask for a suggestion or if you're feeling adventurous, pick a number.  Yes, there will be a line; no, you can't eat inside; yes, you'll wait in another line with others eating your chips while your deliciousness is assembled inside.  Worth it.
Ga5XHg4ahD-Vdw8j4YS6bQ	Was in the palo alto area and wanted to try the sandwich that I heard so much about. Didn't realize it was on the stanford campus itself. I parked in the visitor parking garage. If I remember correctly, parking is  free after 4. I had to hunt down the sandwich shop in the engineering building/s. And yes the sandwich was delicious. I had the Jim Rome. loved every bite.
XIR1_GVjl2M2P9uit2kxpA	Who the hell reviews a university on Yelp? I checked in for the fun of it and lo and behold here it is! Lol, I guess I'm a reviewer now.  I don't even know what to say. The facts:- I got my BA here- I did not do any of the social activities. Social activities included things like fraternity/sorority pledging, Full Moon on the Quad (it involves mono, apparently), musical singing groups (Talisman, etc), dancing groups (Decadance), and god knows what other geekly creative things. I was too geeky to do these things so I was geeky in my dorm room playing video games and discovering the power of a T1 ethernet connection.- Beautiful grounds, which cost a ridiculous amount of money. The summer before my first year, there were no palm trees present on Palm Drive. A few months later when I returned to start school, lo and behold, they were in the midst of planting some. Then I noticed every year they tear up and replant the giant "S" in front of the Quad at the end of Palm Drive. They do the same all over campus, prettifying and gentrifying. Ridiculous waste of money? Yes. Puts you in a good mood when you're lounging on the lawn or biking past to go to class?- Scientologists will find you here and try to recruit you mixed in with other types of recruiting efforts for jobs and organizations.- There are a lot of uppity people here who live on their parents credit cards and get monthly stipends, have trust funds, have never been told "no" and don't have to work til they get a white collar job after leaving this fancy place.- I, however, had to work through school and earn money for things like books, clothes, and rely on a scholarship.So all of the above leaves me a bit conflicted, but nevertheless, I can attest to the education being stellar, and well, the name does open doors when it's on your resume. Plus there's the network and all.If you want to visit for fun, or for continuing education - do it. If you are undergrad or grad school - it's expensive, but worth it. Language classes are rarely taught by native speakers, you will sometimes be taught by TAs. That bit ticked me off.Some professors are so academic their heads are in the clouds, but they're all generally exceptional in their field and wonderful to learn from. This is such an exceptional university that everyone is committed to knowledge, and that is a wonder and a joy to behold, especially if you come from a family background where few people have higher education degrees.The section format requires a small class discussion setting with your prof so you don't feel lost in the crowd. It doesn't happen for every class, but there are some wonderful learning structures in place to ensure you get the full benefit of a quality education that will challenge you and push your horizons, should you choose you get the full value of your degree. I saw a lot of people who didn't do that, since they don't necessarily have a strong work ethic (the phrase "stop out" is common and refers to people who literally drop out of school for non-critical reasons then return later to finish).I didn't necessarily like the students I was there with who were snooty to me, but then again, the degree got me in to an exceptional company that is top ranked now and well, kicking ass at what I do. All those snooty mean people got a nasty little surprise when they found themselves working next to the girl who rang up their meals at the dining hall. BWAHAH! But it wasn't all bad. There were a few nice people I befriended and am still friends with to this day. And amusingly, people I never met who were in my class that I befriended later. So it all works out.Good times!
qR81na-L8R84KAtcLdc_SA	Love Triangle 5Nacho Boy $5.95 / $9.99 3Elvis Kieth 3sometimes 3
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	Located in the Munger Residences adjacent to the Stanford Law School, the Russo Cafe has good food, lots of options and a nice atmosphere in which to enjoy it!   One of the best deals in the place is a half a sandwich and a side salad for $5 and some change.  I highly recommend the chicken pesto panini.  Russo has a nice selection of salads, pizzas and sandwiches.  One tempting entree looks so sinful,  I recommend for the sake of your arteries that you share it with a friend ---- the white cheddar macaroni bake.  It is the size of a small loaf of bread and the top is covered with bacon!  I saw a few these come out to waiting patrons and I swear I had an artery clog just looking at them!  They sure looked good!!!  I'll tell you what, if you do two or more laps around the campus before ordering one of these bad boys, I won't judge you if you eat one by yourself!
3IQ8aAxmkW41cbRsBpIHvg	Interesting that one reviewer gave it a one star review based on looking around and deciding he/she didn't like the look of the place?  WTF?  How can you review a place at which you haven't even eaten?????   Anyway -- now that that's off my chest, I went with a work colleague here twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch, so I guess I'm qualified.  First, I agree that the decor is underwhelming -- however, since I tend to go to a breakfast/lunch place to stuff my face, and not take in the atmosphere, somehow I wasn't daunted.  I mean, this place is the clubhouse for a golf-course, so I would be shocked if it weren't decorated for the blue-haired crowd...The service is first-rate.  We had the same server both times we were there, and she was cheery and friendly and quick.  Can't get too much better than that.  Also, both times, the food was on the table incredibly quickly, so I give full marks for service.The lunch we had (I was with three other folks at lunch) I had the chinese chicken salad, another diner had the "bunker burger" and another had s deli sandwich.  All of the food was more than adequate.  Nothing "to die for", but all well-prepared and fairly priced.The next time, a colleague and I had breakfast.  I had a breakfast burrito and I can't recall what he had, but let's face it:  It was breakfast.  It takes a lot to make me kvell or kvetch when it comes to eggs and bacon, etc.Anyway -- the really cool thing about this place is that both times we went, we were virtually the only people eating there (aside from aforementioned blue-haired ladies who had obviously been there for quite a while and showed no sign of moving in the near future, or for that matter the next geologic age.)  I plan on coming back here again, because the combination of decent food with fast and great service with reasonable prices works for me.  If it does for you, you may want to check this place out.   OTOH, if you're looking for ineffable atmosphere, breathtaking decor and heart-stopping views, please proceed a few miles down the road to Rosewood.  They will be more than happy to relieve you of your excess funds and it will ensure that there's always room at the Grill for us...
TL-4D7-93_Us6LTh5jtxCA	I came to Ike's at Stanford on opening day and got the #9 [Name of the girl you're dating], with chicken, honey mustard, pepper jack, and avocado.  It was delicious, and worth the 1h 21m wait for my sandwich.  I think that kind of wait was only due to opening day.  I've been reading what other reviewers have been saying about the half sandwich pricing, as compared to a full sandwich at the other Ike's locations.  Personally, I think the price per amount of food, and certainly price per calorie are reasonable and comparable with the rest of Stanford and Palo Alto area.  Seriously, if you're looking for a bargain, WTF are you doing at Stanford?  It's the rip-off capital of the world!  The grad students that are truly poor pack their lunches anyway, or they should. I also have to mention that Stanford Ike's is located in the beautiful new engineering quad at Stanford.  While new, they adhere to Frederick Olmsted's original master plan for Stanford campus!  It's nice to hang out in new engineering buildings or in the big new courtyard outside while consuming a sandwich.
N_aPWqaB5wNcxx97hgJWqg	By far the worst eatery on Stanford campus, and probably the worst in the entire Bay Area. Yelp needs to allow negative stars. Tacos: dry, tasteless, like chewing clay, paper, or wood.  Chicken wings: TONS of garlic + salt... no other seasoning. Might as well be eating raw garlic. Fried rice: soggy, raw onions. Service: abysmal. They don't care if they bring you the incorrect dish. In fact the server will argue with you and tell you that you were wrong. Takes them 20 minutes to make a taco. Bottom line: this place makes McDonald's and Jack in the Box seem like fine dining establishments in comparison.
Os7JboTDl2BniFTglNEd0A	They get one star because their sandwiches are delicious, but I have never seen a less efficient, more mind numbingly slow and incompetent group of people in my life.  This is no joke, they have screwed up more than half of my orders here (currently 3/6), there seems to be more employees running around than customers every time I come here, but they can never seem to make a sandwich in less than 30 minutes, regardless of selection or number of people waiting. Last time I had to wait for the cashier to finish talking to her friend on the phone before I could order and today a guy just standing around sneezed in the middle of the kitchen all over the food prep area.  The food here is really good, but I just feel like I'm walking into a Real World or Jersey Shore volunteering event every time I come here, I just can't take this insanity any more.
0WaCdhr3aXb0G0niwTMGTg	We hired Stanford's Bartender for a private movie screening party and will definitely use them again for all our events in the future.  Carlos showed up on time, set up a beautiful bar and was very professional the entire evening. It is so nice to work with someone that clearly takes pride in what they do.  I would highly recommend using Stanford's Bartender for your next event!
5jLkKtE4HPlrbjw-0w9lvg	Not sure what else you could want of a sculpture garden. Free, beautiful area, and extremely remarkable pieces by Rodin.
-1J99GAWYAbK7sbZcVEgxQ	Often crowded, but nice seating and plenty of outdoor seating.  Quite nice when the weather is good.The sushi is pretty good.  Nice selection of drinks, including aguas frescas.  The one time they had gazpacho it was really good.They seem to run out of items...this has happened at the grill, the special entree section, and the sushi bar respectively during the five or so times I've been here.  The salad bar is not as good as the old GSB.  They try to be too fancy and end up ignoring a lot of the basic ingredients people like in their salads.  Like different kinds of lettuce and maybe some cucumbers.  It's also not restocked fast enough, so things like cherry tomatoes tend to run out. They also have very weird pizza toppings.  There was one with beets?Eh, overall I'd recommend going to Nexus instead if you have time.  I miss the old GSB with the tasty brie/pear/ham panini and great and affordable salad bar.  Now I'd have to go all the way across campus if I wanted to build myself a decent salad.  Guess I'll just pack lunch when I want salad.
aKAGlmoKsgnQ8Avh86-SOg	When I first started working at Stanford, I wanted to try all of the nearby campus eateries. It takes a lot of effort to get off campus when you're near the hospital, and well, Stanford has a lot of eateries in a small distance. Right around the time I started, they started doing pizzas to order. I was floored! My own personal pizza, made to order? I could see them making it behind the counter? Sign me up!The first pizza I ordered was a delicious, delicious Margherita. The crust was just right, and all of the ingredients were delicious. It's a very simple pizza, everything was just right. Sure, I waited about 15 minutes for it, but in my opinion, it was worth the wait.The second time, I wanted to try something different, but all the had was the Margherita left (this was at around 1pm or so). So I had it again, but this time, the crust was boring and the cheese was not great. It was completely underwhelming. I chalked it up to someone different making it this time.The third time, it was a rainy day, and I wanted to make sure I didn't go out into the rain, and be made to wait for a mediocre pizza. So i called in advance and asked if they could make it ready for pick up. They said yes, and that I could pick it up in 15 minutes.I arrived when the rain had let up just a little, starving, only to be told that my pizza would take another 5 minutes. And then it was another 10 minutes. It was clear that they completely disregarded my calling in advance and just didn't make it, even though they told me they would. So I waited for this damn pizza, and told myself it had better be good. When it finally came, 25 minutes after I showed up, I was really upset because it had started to rain again. So I fumbled with umbrella, and put the pizza on top of the vending machine while I tried to get it open so I could walk back to my desk and eat my pizza. I don't think it was the best idea, but clearly I was too hungry to think clearly.My pizza fell on the floor, cheese side down. The pizza I waited 40 minutes for. I was really upset at this point, and didn't want to order another pizza to be told to wait again. So I walked out, dumped my pizza in the trash, and told myself that it wasn't that delicious anyway.My pizza falling on the floor is not a fault of theirs. But their sheer lack of regard was so appalling that I attribute this bad experience to them. I have not had a pizza there since.And their teriyaki bowls are disgusting. You'd be better off going to Nexus for that anyway.
M3w1rv78j3nzQcJVzC-bNw	Love their freshly squeezed carrot-orange juice. That's my favorite.I don't see it on their online menu but the warm and lightly toasted jalapeno cheese twist with a glass of freshly squeezed OJ made for a very satisfying breakfast that cool chilly morning.
56Vd6f-R6ibUCxsV2sDc1A	Axe and Palm has significantly improved in the past few months; they simplified their menu a lot, and I've found their burgers to be consistently good.  Burgers can now come on a sesame seed bun with poppy seeds, which is very tasty.  Fries also come as a mix of sweet potato and regular potato fries.
oSwxcdD7zSzxCbmxoomxnw	Glad to see that someone as SFCU is now monitoring Yelp. To their credit, closing the account was fairly painless and I give them an extra star.But the platitudes given by SFCU's manager do not excuse the practices that are outlined in my initial review. The dormant account fee is simply a scam no matter whether or not it is written in the 57 page/8 typefont account disclosure document.
sBswn4u5KkmMyWVCV8mTrA	Pretty good food! I love their panini's. They never fail me when I'm hungry. Plus compared to the other lines the panini line is usually the shortest. And they grill them for you fresh! Nice and toasty~ The Asian food selection is alright, can be bland though. I have yet to try any of their burgers or quesadillas, but I will update on that once I do. I also like their quick stuff like the premade sandwiches and parfait! The checkout lines are pretty quick. I'm usually in and out with my food within 15 minutes.
Rnchd2Tnm-z4z5D-8zr06Q	This place is a liitle off the beaten path but worth the short trip up the hill behind the university. I enjoy the relaxed and simple quality of the restaurant, along with the views of the golf course and  the hills. service is good and the food is great.
AP_wmcvvgKPj6bkOb5rBwg	I am addicted to Ike's Place! Every single item on their menu is loaded with flavor and they've created all best combinations possible. I'm a sandwich lover so I've brought a bunch of my friends out. My meat lovers and vegans have all been super happy with their food because there are so many options! I always have a hard time actually choosing one over the other, so I'll definitely be going back to try the other ones & the boys behind the counter were so sweet!
wEqETrWwpsujK2r8ZueOFw	Unlike Berkeley, Stanford lets visitors into their libraries with a visitor pass and also has public computer terminals for anyone to use. I love how expansive and green the Stanford campus is.. the libraries just add topping to the cake so to speak. The library itself is pretty big with many books/periodicals to get lost in for days. If you have a friend at Stanford, they can even sponsor you so you can get free wifi on their account. For a break, you can lounge/read/doze at the fountain right outside the library.
cPLBdGuwEk0XzzIIc1zQMg	If only I could go back 18 years and breed myself a son smart enough for Stanford, then HG Sr. and I could make delightful trips to Palo Alto any time.  Our visit was to see family who got the good genes, and we turned it into a college tour for Hostage Gastronome Jr. (in this case Hostage Prospective Student).  Registering on-line for the tour is a dignified process, and the Visitor's Ctr. is equally organized with convenient parking and separate tours emphasizing campus life for the students and history for the general population.  Our guide, Allie, projected better than a drill sergeant which didn't diminish the touchingness (uh, public school grad... can't find a better word) of her story about the admissions officer who had read her application, upon hearing her name spoken in the hallway months later, ran over to hug her like an old friend.  They are a little fixated on the size of the campus (100x bigger than Disneyland, 41x Cal, etc.) which is still better than the stories of superstitions that obsessed the Cal guide, and similar to what I heard at the UCLA orientation, then never again.  Sure there were some nice Olmsted buildings/designs and the technology sounded cutting edge, but the most impressive thing was that two people shouted, "Come to Stanford!", and school wasn't even in session yet.  I was trying to act super intelligent (not tripping, figuring out the pay parking machine), but there was no snooty academia vibe like at some other college towns.The other important thing we learned at Stanford is that our son majorly lacks drive, initiative, and intellectual curiosity.  If there's one thing I can teach him, it's that the college experience is what one makes of it... look at me, writing for my own amusement...
PS80V0SCQiTtyt_hVuIsyA	Not really a bar and not really a lounge either.  I went here to watch the men's basketball team play in the Pac-10 tournament on their TVs.  Didn't really find a large crowd that I expected, but nonetheless, the people there were enjoying the game.  It's pretty sterile feeling, but there's good beer on tap - including Kona Longboard Lager, one of my favorites.  And it's reasonably priced as well.  So not bad.  It would make sense to come here if you're a grad student, which is the primary group it caters too, but if you're from around the area, maybe you should stick to downtown Palo Alto.
3Uc-b31k6-_6rwT5V7coZQ	Yum yum yum.  My three words would be: Chai Latte Jolt!  I highly recommend any of the freezes, the hot stuff is only so-so.  In terms of scheduling your visit, I can say that the morning staff is hilarious; don't be scared if the woman working the counter screams to the help "Se dice tequila!!" after you order your soy latte...  You'll get what's coming to you :)  A little pricier than other places on campus, but SO superior to Pete's, the bookstore, and the Coho (what a joke of an eating establishment!)
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	LOVE this place.  The pluses (for me) are:- LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATIONIt's on campus and about 1 minute from my office- The staff is super friendly and amazing.  My friend and I get the same order every time we go, Large lowfat chai & Small nonfat orca spice chai and she remembers us and even our names....very nice- Good stuff!  Yummy.  Food AND BEV included in this assessment
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	The view really is nice, and there aren't many nice view spots on the peninsula, because its so flat and spread out. Stanford staff also get in free with ID, and there is a little museum at the bottom that is so funny. I mean, it really must be a curatorial challenge to glorify Herbert Hoover. As someone who studied curatorial practice, it was fascinating to go through the exhibit and learn all about Hoover's life, his time at Stanford, Hoover Dam, and...almost nothing about his presidency. You won't learn about Hoovervilles here. Seems like they had an opportunity to showcase what a controversial president he was, what an impact he made on America through the depression. Kind of a shame really.So the view is not as spectacular as some high points on the Berkeley campus, but for this area, it really is a rare point of view and very nice. A great place to take a break at lunch and gain a fresh perspective.Its also fun when you're walking on campus to wave to people looking down from the observation deck of the tower. There is always someone who waves back.
xtbetsUKa4QSxPM-FdDFIQ	I used to love Ike's, but ever since they opened at Stanford, I've noticed a steady decline in price as they have gained popularity. I assume that this must be a result of their attempt to make more sales and get more profit, which is fine because the line is always a long wait so they have plenty of customers, but the quality and quantity of the sandwiches has really declined. They gave free chips with each sandwich, which has also ended.The amount of sauce and veggies has definitely declined along with the quality of almost all the ingredients. In addition, the size has been getting smaller and prices are on the rise. Ike's was once a really noteworthy sandwich, but lately I consider it pretty much average, which is not something you want out of a sandwich place because a sandwich is something so easy to make for yourself. Given these comments, Ike's is still slightly above average, but I detracted a star because of the long lines and high prices, which are no longer justified. The sandwiches are usually small and soggy, not exactly my favorite. The best sandwiches are Matt Cain, Menage, and Jim Rome. The only time I come here is when I know there will be no line because it's just not worth the wait anymore.
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	The best thing about the cafe is Joan, the cashier/barista, who remembers the favorite drink of over 250 people who work in the building, down to the type of milk, and always with a smile on her face.The worst thing is the same boring food every day. I wish their food was more like Munger.
gCqWkeiZDbLSckzL5E0Ucg	Cheaper food than Nexus, and less greasy (usually). I also like how they have breakfast sandwiches, and sometimes serve ethnic food for lunch. The staff is also super friendly.Bonus star because I love their soups - especially the chicken and ginger rice porridge/congee type thing. =)
m9ygO_D_qk_IdyRs7c79GA	I heard this place can get up to 800 customers a day...then why only 66 reviews?  Was at Stanford visiting my niece and wanted her to try Ike's.  Sorry to say we/she was not impressed.  Long lines, long wait times and a soggy sandwich.
m6VbqnZ0Pq-mhjtQvoY65w	I came in for a TB test, and while the friendly nurse complimented me on my nice, large veins, she made very little use of them when sticking me. Nbd, these immunization checks are routine for me by now having worked in hospital for so long. Or they were until I came back a week later and the staff freaked thinking I had a positive test. A supervising nurse was brought in, and she looked like she was about to call the CDC on me if I as so as much flinched. The conversation went something like..."Where are you from?" "Jersey." "That's it?" *incredulous stare*Did I stutter?! I preempted her line of reasoning by telling her that I was born here and haven't been out of the country much. "Really, never?" I dunno, does a week in the tropical disease infested jungles of Austria and the UK count? Oh, then no lady. Now if you'll excuse me, I gotta go attend some lame cultural competency class for med school. What, you haven't had to take one of those? Really, never?
JsYjoHfZb28NQ1vBqSHfgA	Cute store but the prices are high.
0RlFhjjlEpGPju0faFe9TQ	Good food on Campus but the service stinks... I love several of the sandwiches here, the Cubano and the Chicken Salad rock. The catering service has been hit and miss for us never bad, just never great. The item that always rocks are the baked goods, unless it's changed they bake their own fresh each morning making it worth stopping here if you have to be on campus early.They serve beer and wine so that's always good after a long day at work. The place is a coffee house, I get it... but please why does the service always suck so bad...
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	MoonBean's is my preferred place to get coffee and related things on campus.  Some things I likeRoot Beer Float (with ice cream, but you can also get yogurt if you want) for $3.50Vegetarian Samosa for $3.75Brownie for $1.75I also remember getting a Nicaraguan blend coffee here that was really good, but lately I've been scaling down on the joe.I think their service is rather fast actually, and there are tables nearby or the steps of Meyer and Green to sit on.
aSUmRlQxraEBVRnhpx9l9w	"Hey Lillian, do you want to go to a place to meet people just like you?"That's how I ended up at the cactus garden-- because everyone there is... "prickly." just. like. me. (har har har)But in all seriousness, the cactus garden is actually quite lovely. It's hidden in a really random, hard to find, kind of really out of the way place on campus. Standing on either Quarry Rd or Campus Dr, you probably would not be able to see it through all the other vegetation in the area. You have to actually be looking for it (or the mausoleum) to find it.With that being said, once you have actually managed to locate it, you'll find that all your hard work was worth it. This is one area of campus that is rather secluded and serene, minus the new construction site at the med center across the street. There are rarely any other people around here, and there are a few benches that you can sit on to admire the cacti. The paths in the actual garden are paved and everything is very artistically laid out. For some reason, some of the cacti are wrapped up in plastic bags right now, but I'm not entirely sure what that is about.I like to take walks to escape the stresses of lab, and since this place is "fairly" close to where I work, I think I will find myself amongst my cacti brethren quite soon. Maybe I'll even pick up a side research project trying to figure out why, out of all the possible morphologies in the world, natural selection chose to give cacti pokey thingies.tl;dr: If you can manage to locate it, perhaps a good place to pull a Thoreau and experience nature Walden Pond (Arizona Cactus Garden?) style.
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	Attended a concert in the venue, it was awesome. Make sure to bring a blanket and some bug spray (in case of mosquitos). Nice stage and it's easy to see whoever is performing from the whole place. The most difficult thing is trying to find when Frost is open, but it totally rocks.
fyS8H0BNDv5du_X7ttUEqQ	My favorite thing here is the shrimp salad on the thin rice noodles - yum!  It gets incredibly crowded, so try to swing by early if you can.  Cash only, of course.  Know what you want before you get to the cash register. :)
oYrD51tsMhVHtqCOOJo6og	I thought this fountain was called "The Claw", since the red fountain in front of Green Library is called "The Hoop (Fountain)". Cool place to get a tan and drink in Spring Quarter, if you don't mind sharing your pool-like experience with a bunch of like-minded party people and whatever tourists happen to wander by.They just tiled the area around it last summer, so now you can go around barefoot instead of burning yourself on the 15 or so feet of blacktop between the fountain and the nearest two patches of grass.
Z8Tqg07GIvLzYbfVpJArsg	I was impressed by Carlos' depth of knowledge of the different drinks.  A definite plus was that he was able to mix my favorite margaritas--exactly the way they make it at Tommy's Restaurant on Geary in SF.  I'm sure the hosts were very appreciative that he stayed after to clean up.  Very professional, and very personable.  Stanford's Bartender is a definite must have for any great party.
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	Although I can't stand this place I eat here all the time because I'm stuck on the student dining plan and I have to spend my points. All of the food here is bland, overpriced, and greasy. Stick with pre-made items like the naked juice, sushi, or cereal. The coffee here is super nasty... go to Peets over in Tressider. The service is friendly but usually unhelpful if you have any questions. They are always out of at least one ingredient/dish on the menu. The atmosphere is terrible, with music that's always too loud. Its very sterile feeling. Their upside is that they're open late, till 2AM.
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	It's free and runs often enough to be useful.  When I'm feeling lazy coming home from the train, I put my bike on the rack (that's nice, too), and sit patiently inside, minorly annoyed at how we wait at the station for no one (what are we, Paul McCartney?) and at myself for my two cardinal sins of sloth and inefficiency (it's, average-case, 15 minutes faster to bike from Cal Ave than bus from Palo Alto).It kind of sucks that the schedules are completely worthless, and that they don't time stuff around the trains (e.g. I hate it when the bus gets there just as a train is leaving), but it's understandable.  Sometimes it even goes pretty far -- like San Antonio on the weekends.  All in all it's a great service.But mostly I'm writing this review to share a story.  So it's 7:45 PM the night Texas beat Stanford in March Madness.  That morning I had decided to show my support at work, so I'm wearing a Sixth Man t-shirt and a Stanford baseball hat.  But while I am a fan I also am cold, and i am cold first.  I'm also somewhat saddened by the whomping, so I'm covering up the shirt with a hoodie.  Still, I'm wearing the hat.I walked onto the bus, and I am one of two people on the bus.   The other guy?  Wearing a Texas hat.  I stare at him for about 2 seconds, registering that, yeah, it's a Texas hat.  The guy sees me, immediately takes off his hat, and puts it away.Why did he do this?  Well, it could be that he recently watched that Sopranos episode (Season 1) where Tony tells the dude in the restaurant "Take your hat off" (The dude, indignant, nonetheless obliges, as if he had a choice).  After all, I am Italian and EXTREMELY menacing.  Or perhaps my anger and hatred was fearsome.  Probably not, though.  Probably, the fucker felt guilty, knowing  he had his abandoned his boy and drank the wrong milkshake -- er, abandoned his team.  And now he's probably on the phone with the Lopez twins, begging them for mercy.  As well he should be.So yeah.  This one's for you, girlfriend, who tells me I look stupid in hats and that they're for 12 year-olds.  Today, my baseball cap served society.  I'm wearing it to bed tonight.
xKNz2STKDVQwZi1v0IH9tA	I put $70 on my Stanford ID to print a poster and never did use it so what is the next best thing to use the money on..... Fro yo!Fraiche on campus is very convenient for a late night "trying to be sort of healthy" snack.  My favorite:Original with mochi, apricot jelly.
lzd1pUgb_41Ck0AGDEphoA	This is my goto place on the Stanford campus.   Its a nice little place overlooking the Rodin sculpture garden and grassy area.  Great to come on a sunny day.   We sit outside with iced tea.  The food comes out slow.  I get the chutney chicken salad sandwich and soup...just nice and tasty.My friend gets the cobb salad.  The food is mighty tasty.  Items are about 9-15$.  This place gets crowded, come early.  Food****decor****service, there is none, they just bring your food.
Kkfw0DU6JUIqgZF9WVuPhA	I went to see Sankai Juku tonight perform their butoh dance piece Tobari. The performance was amazing ... unfortunately I could only see about 1/4 of the movements on stage. The auditorium is poorly designed. I was seated in the 7th row orchestra but all I could see were bibs of heads. Other audience members were having similar viewing difficulties based on their constant shifting of heads. Come here knowing that you might have to just close your eyes and enjoy the sounds rather than the sights!
9OyPEDQ0N6i0rWv9S-XjgQ	These are hands down the most well-kept courts I've ever had the pleasure to play on. I believe that there are 8 courts and two half-courts with a wall for solo hitting.Courts are available for reservation only, so reserve online here: http://courtkeeper.stanford.edu/ From my one experience here, the reservation system seemed to work pretty well. The only downside: Court rules state that you can only reserve for one hour per day and no private lessons are allowed.
ckQyi6cnOyLE1LWrfn-qww	3.5 stars really. I had lunch with my team at Cool Cafe at the Stanford Cantor Arts Museum today. Aside from the nice veranda al fresco dining, or the ability to eat amidst the Rodin sculpture garden (and the Gates of Hell), I thought the food was great (chef's combo, $9, cup of French lentil soup with a rich tomato base and half of a wild seafood salad sandwich containing spinach and aioli on whole-wheat bread), they also do catering. Chef Jesse Cool also owns Flea St. Cafe and JZ Cool Eatery in Menlo Park. Everything is local, organic, seasonal, sustainable, and delicious! The cutlery is biodegradable. The sugar is organic, from Sugar Land, TX (ok, that's not local). The wines and port are organic as well.They only do dinner on Thursdays.UPDATE: Diners at the Cantor Center for Visual Arts at Stanford University can now kick back with specialty martinis, in addition to organic beers and local wines. Though the cocktails are available during the cafe's regular daytime hours, things really heat up on Thursday nights from 5 to 8 PM, when dinner is served.Address:http://maps.google.com/maps?f=d&hl=en&saddr=3145+Porter+Dr,+Palo+Alto,+CA+94304&daddr=Lomita+Drive+%26+Museum+Way,+94305&sll=37.0625,-95.677068&sspn=40.409448,61.611328&ie=UTF8&z=14&om=1Menu:http://www.cooleatz.com/cool-cafe/coolcafemenu_06.pdf
Vmle4lGkXS1N0wn6wmqhPw	Cheap bike rental option on Stanford campus. The alternative is more than 10$ / hour !
WyyHc0i8g52gD2V7W0HBgA	As any stanford student would know...TAP has been known as the worst in every category - service, management, food, having food...etc. But come this week, and you'll find a whole 'nother animal. They reorganized their menus, they're sped up the service, and the people  are much more amiable. Not only that, there's a GREAT condiment bar complete with many unique sauces  and lettuce, tomato, and onions to top your paninis, sandwiches, and burgers however you want. Give TAP another chance, they're really trying this time, and I think this time, they got it right.
EJPBXvEdaodsPQuYBT6low	I like like it when places cater to their location.And this place was quite different to the Beverly Hills location.Instead of the sit down, pay to park, wait-serviced Rodeo drive vibe, the Palo Alto location offers a cafe ambiance where you order at the counter.The empanaditas were good, but tasted a little mushy on the inside like they had been on a warmer for a bit.The tequenos also didn't taste as fresh as Bev Hills, but I liked the vibe of the cafe a lot more.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	I have a love-hate relationship with this cafe.  I love that the ingredients are natural, organic, local, sustainable.  The prices are too expensive, even with the exceptional care they take procuring the food.  I am not usually a fan of huge portions, I think Americans are overfed, under nourished and don't spend time eating their meals carefully and with true joy and attention.  That being said however, Cool Cafe offers far too skimpy portions for their pricing structure.In any case, the location is gorgeous; on Stanford campus at the Cantor Arts Center, it has both indoor and outdoor seating.  Indoor is well lit with natural sun streaming in through the tall windows.  Outdoor has tables of various sizes and they have umbrellas, which is nice in the bright sunlight.I like the salads and the soups, the soups change weekly and sometimes daily.  Peope who like burgers eat them and love them here, the meat is from Niman Ranch.  The turkey is Distel, which I hear is delicious.You order at the counter and take a number and they bring the food to you.  You may get water at a central location for yourself, which is nice.  They do have both beer and wine on offer in case you are in the mood.One night a week I believe they also stay open late for dinner.  There are some Rodin sculptures in the outdoor sand garden and they make for a very lovely backdrop while you dine.
EuIh4hwfMCxO05BilHhRrQ	Hoover the president? Yikes. Hover the Tower? Much better. Sweeping views of Stanford campus, including Memorial Church and the Quad. Free admission if you have a Stanford ID, otherwise it costs around $1 or $2. Tour guides are friendly and well informed. If you're visiting campus, this is a must-see. As a student, it's a nice place to go relax and think about the big picture.
RIGOL8DnNLz-7prhDdP-EA	UPDATE 06/13/12HA! The half and half is back!!  Apparently there was a mix up with an event??  The staff behind the counter told me the other day they didn't have fresh half&half, just the prepackaged ones.Also, I gave the ALMOND BISCOTTI a try again and the almonds are not stale! However, it does have ANISE flavoring --which I am not a fan of :(************************************I come here mostly for simple coffee in the morning.  It's nice and bold.  Bold as in really bold.  It's the strongest drip coffee I have had in coffee shops.I didn't find service to be out of the norm, or maybe I get the same person who isn't as energetic?  Either way, I get my coffee in the morning so I am a happy camper.Very limited indoor seating with outdoor metal tables and chairs.  They offer Bar Gelato now in with own small freezer right up against the cashier wall --the placement is a bit obstructive to me.Come here mostly for the coffee, prepared food is decent, not my favorite.  I have tried some of their baked goods.  I was pleasantly surprised by their CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE, not bad.  I've stopped ordering ALMOND BISCOTTI because the almonds were stale.  Not a fan of their CROISSANTS, I'm pretty picky on those.  RASPBERRY POPTART looking thing is pretty good --like a big a flat shortbread sandwich. CON:  They've stopped offering fresh HALF & HALF!!! Please help me get it back!  I don't want the prepackaged ones :(
iTQIkIST5eaAiHPLmfQzEA	So flavorful and not very expensive! So great!
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Four stars for the awesome outdoor patio area, but only two for the food and inside dining averages to, let me think about this for a minute, three stars overall. Thank you, AP calculus! I knew that advanced math would come in handy someday. I'm glad that the cafe survived the recent water damage incurred during an upstairs fire in the faculty lounge. But now the construction noises and inconveniences caused by the on-going Law School renovations impair the cafe's ambiance a bit. Still, this is not a bad place to get a bite to eat, even if there are other, more relaxing venues to choose from on campus.
Y6ARs1Q3G7C4baZLlrGvwg	Great stuff. Crazy busy most of the time, though so come early or order ahead.
yUPA1sL2HgMTT2aq4O3ENw	The Thai Cafe was introduced to me as one of the culinary secrets of Stanford.  After munching on most of their dishes over the past few years, i can say that it no longer suffices as a decent meal.  yes, its a quick meal when you're in a hurry.  yes, the noodle dishes and soups are five bucks.  sodas run about 75 cents and 1.25 for a Thai iced tea in a can, which really, is just cold Thai tea.  For under seven dollars you can eat here, or you could fill yourself at a few other choice places.  It's ridiculously crowded during the lunch break from 12.15-1.15 and most items are gone by 2pm.  soups sell out first usually, and are a decent serving, noodle salads are reassonable size but leave you hungry an hour later, and apparently lacking the proper combo of spices since the condiment counter outside always looks like someone was target shooting with the sriracha (cocksauce) bottles, red goop sprayed everywhere.  If you do eat here, Grab a drink while looking at the menu board and know what you want to order about 5 people before the cash register, lest you enrage the matron.  She is sweet after eating there repeatedly, but is all about efficiency and throughput.  Grab a seat up on the quad, it's less noisy and sunnier than the patio outside.
WWnhqRnWWjutMqh-2SzEuQ	Nothing to see here, except that if you're a student, and your dining hall is closed and you're out of easy mac on a random weekend night, Subway is a great quickie option.
2Fq9lchdhSj3PWSFLxI2yg	This is pretty much my daily lunch spot.  Pretty good food.  Be prepared to add hot sauce to pretty much everything if you like spice.  I think they make things pretty bland so that even those scared by pictures of peppers can eat it and enjoy.  I love the Nexus Salad.
uMJsK3x-981hUP2dZAVDag	overall, a very well organized race.  before i begin this review, i want to thank the race organizers and volunteers for making this another successful event!  as a two-time participant in this local event, i was again very pleased with the outcome.  my feeling is that there was a larger turnout this year which is great; more proceeds to benefit lucille packard children's hospital!early packet pickup was on fri 6/22 @ fleet feet sports, menlo park, and the pickup process was seamless.  the official pickup time block was 2-8pm, but they were ready well before then, since i arrived around 1.45pm and was able to pickup my bib and tshirt.  i was in and out in under 5 minutes.  this was much better organized compared to last year, when i waited in line for over 30 minutes.as far as the actual event on sat 6/23, there were more than enough parking spaces, all of which were very close to the start line (choice of covered parking structure or open parking lot).  stanford university parking is free on the weekend, another bonus.i participated in the 5k event again this year, and here's what i thought:1. well-organized start, 5k'ers took off 10 minutes after the 10k'ers took off to allow for a less congested start2. separate course from the 10k this year, so we're not all packed in together3. dedicated aid station, i felt one was sufficient for the 5k distance4. lots and lots of volunteers directing participants, to ensure we were following the correct route, and also volunteers guiding traffic to ensure everyone's safety5. lots of food and drink at the finish line/post-race expo, much more than last year.  CPK even came out with pizza, sandwiches and salad!  i also saw pinkberry with frozen yogourt.6. a kids area, with fun activities for kids while they waited for their kids' races to begin7. plentiful porta-potties this year; even though i went just a few minutes before the gun went off, i didn't have to wait in line, which was great (last year, the lines were much longer, i suspect due to fewer porta-potties)8. beautiful course, passing through many of stanford's key landmarksthe few things i did not like this year:1. the course was different from last year and involved many more turns and corners this year.  more turns make it harder for those of us who are running fast and trying to get to the finish line asap.  i liked last year's course better.2. the course was not marked properly.  mile 1 came approx 0.9 miles (according to my garmin) and mile 2 came approx 1.85 miles.  also, there was no mile 3 marker, which made the final mile and change feel like it lasted a long time.i do hope they have this event again next year, b/c i would definitely sign up again.
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	Sometimes the service is great, sometimes it is utterly horrible. The only reason I ever go here is due to convenience of locaiton. Otherwise, it took me one time 20 minutes to get a plain, black coffee. This place makes any visitor to Stanford think that Stanford clearly doesn't have their act together.
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for Arrillaga Dining Commons.....Open for summer!A rarity at StanfordBusy crowds at lunch!Huge capacityInside with widescreen TVsSeating a challenge!Some balcony spotsMore by Escondido RoadBut not very much!A huge operationChefs, salad bar attendantsTrash and compost guides?!Faculty-staff mealsAre also accepted hereAll you care to eat!$5.95 planIs better than walk-in rate10 dollars, they say!Not the closest walkBut it will do for summerA good deal for lunch!
8UlWjig396l9iAHkqiXBSA	In a house with 7 people, when more than one person can agree that any type of restaurant is awesome, it probably is. I've been living in Palo Alto for a short time and I have heard about this place multiple times. Intrigued, I dragged a resident from SHC to try it out with me post call. The Pro's: --I'm vegetarian and they have a ton of options. --The Dana Scully and it was awesome. The eggplant and french dressing were a great combo. It's one of the best post-call meals I've had in a while.--The sandwiches are worth the price. I got a half-sandwich and was more than satisfiedThe Con's: --The line is super long. Be prepared to wait or hope you spot a familiar face ahead of you. --When I was there they were out of fruits and some of their veggies. I guess the delivery didn't make it--The cashier was new and definitely overcharged us.Overall, I'd  definitely go back but double check the bill.
pkU3o8Xkz4xR38SRKmSA_w	My boyfriend and I were so excited to try Ike's Place once it hit campus, and I am pretty much still dreaming of that sandwich.  Having never been to any of their other locations, though, I can't compare to other Ike's.Other reviewers are right to say that the line is long.  Don't expect to be in and out quickly at lunch time.  But we came at about 2 pm, and the line was not too bad at that point.  The location can actually be difficult to find as well, especially if you don't know the campus.I ordered the "We're Just Friends" on Dutch Crunch.  It actually came out fairly quickly once we ordered. The sandwich had the perfect amount of meat and sauce, and the pepperjack cheese went sooo well with it.  But my favorite part was the bread.  So tasty!  I could probably just have ordered that and been happy.All orders come with chips or fruit, and they have a bunch of sodas you can add as well.  The "Leninade" is actually pretty tasty.
hqojrGeufv6qYpN00R-OsA	A friend rightly described these as the best sandwiches on Stanford's campus.  The dutch crunch bread is tasty, sturdy, and satisfying-- the perfect thing to hold up a messy sandwich.  The first one I got, some sort of spicy chicken sandwich, was excellent, and I look forward to trying many more-- especially the extensive vegetarian selection, perhaps supplemented with onions, pickles, and peppers.  The line wasn't even that long.I'm very glad to have discovered a replacement for Best Sandwich Co. in my weekly routine.
_Q8L7PAbQ1VWNPY3jofuYA	Cool cafe is one of the best place to have a leisurely Sunday brunch from the madding crowd in the city or as close as University Ave.  This place is a sister restaurant of Flea Street Cafe in Menlo Park, all the ingredients used in both places are local fresh organic products.I really enjoyed sitting outside at the patio, smelling fresh air and grass in a calmly casual atmosphere on sunny nice afternoon. I highly recommend that if you shop at Stanford shopping mall, instead of eating a lunch at the mall, just walk 5 minutes or drive 2 minutes to the Cantor Museum. Cool cafe is right here.   Defenitely stop by the Arts Museum next door after eating brunch there.
CrJlQ1NYEIfmMz5RuUhMvA	The campus has a unique sandstone Spanish architecture which makes the university brighter than the ones around the Midwest .  Definitely check out the sculpture garden and the Memorial Church.
-tctrza4N0gSgbs1wKJMsw	My mother is a patient.  She has 2 very rare and "incurable" diseases that are being treated by the Oncology and Hemotology departments since 2007.  She has to get blood transfusions semi-regularly at the IVF area upstairs.  Finally, she is a frequent visitor to the Helen Salzman Boutique upstairs.  She's been inpatient at Stanford Hospital, but the doctors that work her case are always from the Cancer Center.I have been impressed with the knowledge and, in a very general sense, the process by which patients are seen for their apointments.  I like that a very knowledgible Fellow comes in after the check-in nurse leaves, and makes a complete exam.  Usually, the main Doctor will come in and do the same examination, armed with knowledge of test results and new ideas or options that came from colleagues and the classroom alike.  To me, these factors are VERY important when dealing with life-threatening, rare cancers.Unfortunately, the front desk staff seems to be the breakdown with the Cancer Center.  They have mis-scheduled her appointments SO many times, which is a HUGE inconvenience after the 2-hour drive from home.  Finally, rest assured, no matter what time your appointment nor how simple your procedure, you will not get out of there in less than 2 hours, and 8 hours days at the Cancer Center are not uncommon.  The experience of it is overwhemling and seems a bit rediculous.Nonetheless, my Mom is still alive 4 years after this terrible diagnosis.  Doctors still have no answers and no solutions, but can "buy her more time" before she finally succumbs.  I guess this is as good as it gets.
FFWtw73N2xBxbGMIdmFHug	Loved it for a lot of reasons and they don't give you enough space here to go into it. But here's a summary. First of all, I have to disagree with the most informed sounding review here that claims nobody is ever depressed, etc etc. Stanford is a very happy school, which tends to be a plus for most people visiting and attending. But obviously, when you go to a big school with really intense folks, you're going to meet a lot of people who have quite a bit roiling under the surface. If you really want to be around people with problems, then I know you can find them. (There are always a few in SLE and the places SLE tends to feed into. I speak from experience). Stanford is what you make of it academically. Like many large universities, there are too many TAs with incomprehensible English teaching classes. That's too bad. But academic undergrad opportunities from grants to seminars to travel abroad to famous professors teaching undergrads and actually listening to them abound. (And though there is the famous Stanford grade inflation, studying is no joke. I absolutely know people who have failed classes).I personally had a wonderful time here. I'm editing this, because I said that almost everyone I know had a great time here, and clearly, there are current students who do NOT like it and are vocal about it on yelp. People at Stanford tend to be happy. (The weather and esthetics of the place alone can do it). My advice to new students is to really seek your happiness and don't give up because Stanford's a large place. But um, word to the wise, if you already know you'd rather be at a small liberal arts school in the North East, just don't come here. Don't even bother. This is California, this is a large university, and it's sunny and warm here a lot. That is all. Oh and get a car because it's really in the 'burbs, and (coming from a city girl), you're really going to want it by Junior or Senior year.5 stars because Stanford gave me what I want: wonderful quality of life (during and after), academic opportunities, great job, friends for life, and as someone else has said, a nice boost to my "trophy wife" resume. ha.
d5rZHGeFsA4hvKc_tP5hDQ	You truly have to experience Carlos' wonders to understand. I had a friend visiting SF and we attended a party where Carlos didn't fail to dazzle with his intricate knowledge of his menus and ability to get creative on the fly. He's also very very very meticulous in the way he sets up and in the way he communicates what makes your drink so special.If you have guests, Carlos is amazing. If you're throwing a big party, Carlos is just as amazing. And if you're just hanging with a smaller group and want a bar that will be remembered, yup you guessed it, Carlos is yet just as amazing. Give it a shot.
xrY0z2h_lsGg0hjyNz6F7Q	5 stars until I discovered real chicken instead of the vegan breaded in my sandwich today. Actually it STILL tasted great even when I removed all the chicken -- can't go too wrong with dutch crunch smothered in dirty sauce and pesto!!
YCwvkfzlTYwak3OMySWBSg	awsome....wish they were in the eastbay but I'll drive to ikes any day
2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ	Food: 4Decor: 3Service: 4Been here twice for lunch and will probably be back many more times this year.1. Menage A Trois $5.95 / $9.99halal chicken, real honey, honey mustard, bbq, pepper jack, swiss, cheddar~Pretty good. Honey worked surprisingly well.2. Spiffy Tiffy $9.99halal chicken, mushrooms, avocado, pesto, provolone, pepper jack~Pretty good. Good amount of pestoLine during lunch (11:30-1:30pm) usually takes about 20 min, so either call in your order or order it from their smartphone app in advance.Good sandwiches, but they should find a way to cut down the line waits and put up a larger menu so people can figure out what to order while they're waiting. I also hate the cinnamon apple toffee sticks and throw them out each time.
9ko2ULuF1lObQ4uxdyRvYw	Tiny portions of mediocre food. (And I really do mean tiny portions: the $5.50 chicken sandwich I ordered was half the size of the bun! What is this, the old Wendy's commercial?)The staff also is either polite or exceedingly rude.I won't be buying any food here ever again, that's for sure.
2ouHbF02c5_1F_fPgUvf7Q	The new Ike's place at Stanford campus was a HUGE disappointment. I love Ike's Place in San Francisco and Redwood Shores, but this one is definitely not worth going to for me. Here's how I break it down:Pros - Plenty of seating. It's in some sort of student center so there are plenty of tables and chairs to enjoy your meal. This is the only plus, relative to the other locations.Cons - - Hard to find. I had the address in Google maps on my phone, yet it took me at least 20 minutes of walking around campus to find this place. There are no signs making it clear, even when you're 20 feet away from it.- Paid parking. I had to pay for parking!- No fresh baked bread. At this location I ordered and my sandwich was ready 5 minutes later. Some may see faster service as a pro, but I used to love the fact that Ike's Place baked their bread to order, explaining the 20 minute wait for sandwiches. I don't know why they're sacrificing one of the biggest factors that made their food unique at this new location.- Small and expensive. The guy at the counter explained that they offer half-sized sandwiches at this location and that their prices are cheaper than the SF location. Unfortunately this means that they sell half-sized sandwiches for the same price of a full sandwich at Redwood Shores. I spent $17 on two tiny sandwiches, and both me and my brother were still hungry after finishing the meal (we even had free chips because of a coupon from their mailing list). Definitely not worth the price.- Temporary cons: no credit card, no telephone for phone orders, and limited selection of sandwiches. They claim they will fix this when business starts to increase.Overall, this location is not worth going to. It's deep in campus so it takes forever to get to, paid parking, small sandwiches and NO FRESH BAKED BREAD (the worst, in my opinion). It may be worth it for Stanford students if they want an expensive sandwich, but everyone else should make the drive to Redwood Shores for a real meal.
_7DXxuBLD_1cAq92cgK_mg	Hit or a miss, I say miss miss miss all the way. So much damn food, but where is the flavour...and prices...Couple of days ago I payed $11.75 for a slad and a diet coke here, I kid you not...so if you get stuff from their salad bar, it is priced by weight, either their weighing scale was broken or I am a damn fool for paying that much!I have also tried stuff fromn the Asian section, Meh!  The only reason I go back is hunger, around 12:30pm I am starving, and this is the closest place...it is either this or the bytes cafe in the HP building, its like worse and worser!, so I go for the worse...
JsYjoHfZb28NQ1vBqSHfgA	The doctors are top notch here. You can tell they really care. Don't have to wait very long for appointments.
Wbwv4at33RscYwinLrxA4A	Its just like Google, except you have to pay for your food. This place has a pretty cool techie/doctor vibe. I saw very few undergrads, if any. I had a burrito (a bit like Chipotle) with carnitas and it was great! I also saw salads, drinks (naked juice etc.), pizzas, and maybe indian food? I'd have to come back a few more times to try everything, since the place serves food cafeteria style, but I think I would upgrade it to 5 stars.
Ap92Jeoi4yw46EX30r_IUQ	Come on... an hour wait for a slightly above average sandwich.  To make things worse the line was only about 12 people long - I cannot imagine when it's full.  This place is inefficient and not worth the wait.  It should go out of business.
Iqfc_JtaStZwPG66WsBkLg	I went in for a cold, and they gave me a pregnancy test.I went in for allergies, and they gave me a pregnancy test.My brother went in, and they gave him a pregnancy test.I know we're college students, but come on...
OeUK8N5hk7cielIZLEq63Q	Lately grabbing a meal or latte from Bytes has been a weekly indulgence.  It's slightly overcrowded at lunchtime, there's limited seating, and their coffee is delicious only because its toughest competitor within walking distance is Ciao's cafe - but I love it there.  The warm Cuban sandwich is my favorite: the pork is tender, the sauce perfect, and the white, starchy pasta mess on the side is completely delicious.  The Greek and Latin salads are massive and popular, based on a glance-survey of the diners, as is the pizza.  The decor and ambience are key: a gleaming glass counter filled with pastries and a simple, uncluttered space give this nook in the corner of Packard a trendy feel.  The wait staff are amusing, often recognizing frequent customers and beloved faculty by cocking their heads back, responding to the question "and, how are you" with a very enthusiastic, "I'm fabooolous!" and then flipping the pistols.  The influx of g(EECS) at noon makes the service slow but somehow improves the dining experience.
Ga3jWFFW1tDfPCNT6b79ug	I had high expectations, even though a well-eaten friend of mine said it was not that worth it and for the same price, she'd rather go to St. Michael's Alley. I am no longer a doubter in her culinary wisdom. I was working on a laborious 40 page essay on Iran and decided to make Cool Cafe (open until 8 on Thursdays) the venue for my essaying that day. Alright. It's pretty. I love the light streaming in. The patio looks nice (unfortunately, my laptop's lack of battery life tied me to indoors). It's got lots of windows and just very "cool" and "California." First, I had the homemade lemonade. While good, I could personally do better myself (and have done better). It was extremely sour and I added the agave nectar on the side table to sweeten it to a palpable level. Lots of ice in the glass, hardly any lemonade. Not worth the 3-4 dollars.Second, I believe I had the chicken sandwich with bacon and some other stuff. Obviously not that memorable, I just remember the chicken being quite dry, the portions being quite small, and myself being disappointed. I proceeded to sit in the cafe and enjoy the ambiance for the next 7 hours, uninterrupted (it was not a busy day for them). Although it got really busy toward dinner, with lots of professionals getting off of work and eating here with their kids. Cute.In the 7th hour, I got a large mocha and a cup of french onion soup with a baguette. The mocha was also bitter and grainy, and definitely not that impressive. The soup was good, with nicely caramelized onions that I could make myself for much cheaper - it was like 5 dollars for a small bowl of soup and a piece of mediocre bread! Note that I'm not a particularly good chef - in fact, the onions were on a piece of failed pizza. Definitely not somewhere I'd go again until I need to escape another day to essay in a cafe, in which case I'll only probably buy a small drink, ask for less ice, pour in the honey, and sit and essay for another 7 hours.
OI-dnOwjuJahtdwVh-VUng	A very quiet and spiritual place to be in and reflect.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	If I was rating the quality of the food alone, I'd give Fraiche five stars.  I also love that it's open late - everything else closes too early (though I wish it stayed open even later - I'd love a midnight snack at Fraiche).  But, once I add in the service and the availability, it drops down several stars.  I come to Fraiche primarily for the Blue Bottle Coffee, in particular the New Orleans Iced Coffee.  The line here is always long, and at least 80% of the time when I make it to the register after a long wait, I'm told they are out of the coffee.  If they are out of it that often, why don't they just order more?!?   I've suggested numerous times that they simply put a piece of masking tape over the menu item to indicate it is sold out, or perhaps a sign listing what they are out of, but no luck And the reason the lines are so long is the incredibly slow service.  I've seen it when there's a line of 7 people - which at Fraiche will take at least 20+ minutes, and one of the two or three employees working is filling out a form on her clipboard.  I appreciate the importance of her work, but seriously - when the line gets that long, you can fill out the inventory forms or whatever later - focus on the customer!!
6ZkjqYY0TN2x7GRNig5q_Q	Participated with a team of seven friends in the second annual Packard Summer Scamper this past week! It was my first race, and I commend the volunteers, staff, and organizers for having a very smooth and well-organized race, making it quite enjoyable!Signing up, registration, packet pick-up, and pre-race communications were all seamless, and the course was well-marked and had plenty of volunteers showing us the turns. I only have two minor quibbles - first, there was a last minute change in course from what had been posted. Granted, it was a very minor change and was due to construction closing off some paths, but this made the course non-USATF certified, and probably a tiny bit shorter than 10K. Second, the spacing of the two water stations on the 10K wasn't great - the first one was pretty close to the beginning, and there was a significant distance between that one and the second (and final) water station. A more even spacing would be beneficial.Overall, though, the race was a ton of fun - the post-race expo was also tremendously organized, with plenty of food, vendors, etc. The 5K and 10K were staggered (and run on different courses, for the most part) so there wasn't great congestion, and they also have fun runs for kids. The run is very welcomgin for runners or walkers of all levels - there were walkers, runners, and even people with strollers there! Something for everyone, and the event supports a good cause!
uicOpGG12VIfGGfWQUIimA	Amazing......free.......great museum. The entrance looks like a castle inside. The exhibits include things from the Stanford family, Greek,mexican pottery,Chinese porcelain,oceans, and modern art as well as some from the 18th cent.  The cafe us really tasty...parking is 2$ per hour so bring change to buy your tx. Great area
cJCYCEfDL4n5TgU9y8RTWg	Don't get me wrong, the sandwiches are bomb especially my Paul Reuben's that had sourdough with pastrami and poppy seed coleslaw..this was crazzzzy bombbb! It was $8! Now...turnoffs were getting to the place. I had to park at the damn Nordstrom Stanford shopping area and walk to this place..ughhh I swear it's not cool. There needs to be better and easier access to get here. Second, the time of getting my food took too damn long..I'm not sure how many people are wrapping up bread in the back but speed needs to change especially when there's soo many people coming. I also didn't like how the menu wasn't fully shown. I saw a white binder being passed around..that's a little un-classy. I will be coming back! I love these sandwiches
lCkqOtZZ_Sz_WKThOjakMQ	As usual when finals roll around I come to Meyer library to get in the extra hours I need of quiet time I can't get at home or in a cafe.  Although studying into the wee hours of morning isn't always the most exciting adventure, I'm given some joy that coupa cafe is located just a few steps away for me to grab a decent meal and one tasty cup of coffee.My only problem with this location as mentioned in my other review is that is closes too early (10pm).  ****The reason I'm writing this update is bc I noticed tonight that there was a little sign put up on Coupa's window indicating any suggestions or comments to be texted at the number given on the sign. So I texted (about staying open later) but harbored some prejudice to whether or not this "texting" system would actually work. I believed my text would either: A. get lost in text land (who actually would be checking these?); or B. get lost beneath the mass amount of texts I would imagine possibly could already be filling up the phone/email or whatever portal the text came through toActually what happened next was pretty cool! Within a minute I got a response from what seemed to be the owner, letting me know he had taken that thought into consideration and would decide whether or not to implement by next semester.I literally said: Neat! out loud when the text came through (people should really consider to start using the word neat again, simple and effective :))Anyway, I didn't know what was cooler the fact someone thought of such a cool concept of texting issues, or that the owner of Coupa was relevant enough to use the system at his location.Overall, very neat :)oh and out of curiosity I had to find out about the texting service and came across this useful little article:http://www.forbes.com/sites/tomiogeron/2011/11/16/coupa-cafe-where-startups-meet-work-and-test-products/
-Hxvjz-t5ttsuH6H1osA4A	5 stars for NANCI CONNIFF.Stanford students are lucky enough to have a whole array of Athletics classes available to them (yay!).  A large number of them take place in the mat room (or the basketball courts) on the first floor of Arrillaga.  If you are able to get access to Arrillaga, or any PE classes, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND taking a class with Nanci.  She is AMAZING.  I stumbled upon her class several years ago and have been attending her classes ever since (practically every quarter, very faithfully).  Nanci genuinely cares about the health, happiness and general fitness of her students-- I would even go so far to say above and beyond that of an instructor.  Despite her ever-ballooning classes, she is still able to provide individual coaching/instruction to those who need it, and is always so upbeat.  Plus the woman is fit as hell... what an inspiration! As an aside: I find that the first floor facilities of Arrillage are quite nice, but very basic.  As others have mentioned, there are NO lockers in this particular building.  If you need to change, you can do some in the restrooms.  There are several water fountains sprinkled throughout the first floor, both near the restrooms and on the basketball courts.  There is also a rock-climbing wall (small/cramped, but pretty nice), as well as a very nice mat room.  The equipment provided for the class are adequate, and kept fairly clean.If you go downstairs, you'll find private tutoring rooms for student athletes, offices, and the gym.  Its not the largest gym I've seen on a university campus, but they do have a large number of cardio machines (dozens of ellipticals, maybe 10 or so treadmills, stationary bikes, stairmasters, etc), free weights and weight machines, as well as mat areas for stretching and ab work.  During busier hours it takes FOREVER to get onto a machine (there is a sign up whiteboard on the western wall), but if you go during off-hours (mid day, early afternoon, etc) its fine.  Ventilation is a bit lacking, but only truly noticeable during peak hours.  I like that they have several TVs hanging above the cardio machines.  If I remember correctly, they offer personal trainer services, and often have fitness challenges for gym-goers.OVERALL: Again, I can't say enough good things about Nanci.  The gym itself is around 3 stars.  If you have a chance, take a PE class!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Clean and big. Beautiful basketball court.  Good venue for big conferences as well.We had our Stanford Senior Last Lecture here and it was able to accommodate a large amount of people.
n2pcptllE-qv7J-9SXhzEw	Considering that there isn't anything else outside Green, this Coupa location is quite good.  The food is fresh and they have fancy crepes if you are somewhat hungry.  Prices are reasonable for campus.  I prefer the Y2E2 location on campus as it has better seating.  I wouldn't bother to walk here from the Engineering Quad or White Plaza either.
r9Wii37p0kEDIUt2e2_LqQ	I love Ike's.  After visiting the SF institution, it's great to see it do well and move to a variety of location on the Peninsula.  The selection here is slightly different than the SF one and I do miss the choice of superhero selections (Superman, Doomsday, etc.), but I believe you can order them off menu.Nonetheless, I tried the Matt Cain and enjoyed it.  The key is still the dirty sauce and the great ingredients.  It's not a particularly large sandwich, but it's delicious.  If you're hungry, definitely get the bigger one.  A bit hard to find and parking is a challenge.  Luckily, someone picked me up a sandwich.
9J-EGdWzgphNnSzFECRoDQ	Tucked away deep inside the Stanford campus, a short (though not well-marked) walk from the parking garage through the hallowed halls to where the entrance is located, these sandwiches are definitely worth the trek. I had the Spiffy Tiffy with added bacon (if you're going to do it, go all the way!) and it was pure heaven. The sandwiches are hefty, hearty and oh so tasty. Cap it off with a caramel apple lollipop and your experience is complete. Sandwiches are fresh, made to order and served quickly. Eat outside for a real collegiate feel.Tip: check out the menu on-line ahead of time; there are no sign boards and only a couple of very well-worn paper copies available for use at the counter.
h9VHsfMeP3PAO_T9Zbw4lA	15 minute line wait + 30 sandwich prep wait + 15 minutes to devour my sandwich = one of the best hours I've ever spent. Ok, I'm exaggerating the 45 minute total wait probably wasn't worth purchasing just one sammy, which is why I recommend you come with a big group of friends. The wait can get a bit long but if you have good company or great iPhone games then it's not too bad. To get to the point, order the Matt Cain and prepare to wait a while.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Love this place...it's on the Stanford campus, so it's a beautiful walk in the morning or afternoon from my office to Coupa!.They have nicely done pastries, good espresso drinks (my favorite is the fat free marron).  It's a bit too pricey, but what the heck, it's a good excuse to get out of my chair and move.Outdoor seating is available, both in the sun and shade.  Nice staff, too.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	The bookstore's cafe features coffee and coffee drinks, among other beverages, sandwiches, soups, and other snacks. While a basic eatery in comparison to other eats to be found on campus, the cafe makes a nice place to have lunch or a snack without having to go far at all. The cafe has seating areas under the skylights so you can kick back and relax with your drink and food.
kS1MQHYwIfD0462PE61IBw	cafeteria has much improved food options!  i remember it was not this good many years ago.  so now they have a new fro-yo counter setup in the back corner -- next to the bobathe fro-yo is nice thick&creamy, if you like that kind.  avoid the soy flavor -- go for natural (not tangy)fruits were fresh, mochi made every other day
8aM-IeXvEN_f8zgvQQ6iEQ	The most irritating place I've ever been too. Doctors just doing their residency. They don't know crap. They perscribe meds but don't think that they may be wrong for you. The worst part is waiting for their lead doctor to come into the room. Always late. One time I waited for an hour and a half. Never explained to why I was waiting. Just getting excuse after excuse. The meds they gave me made me so dull in life. But every time I explained it. they said it was normal. Go somewhere else. You need a consistent doctor that can treat you.
AGm0ij7gr0KsB34LDRInNw	What I liked about Cool Cafe:Nice to have a fresh-made food restaurant in a museum.I appreciate their reliance on local organic food.Green Water.The Quinoa SaladThe orangic ketchup made with agave nectar- this was the star of our meal.What I didn't like about Cool Cafe:All of the other food we had.Soup of the day (some sort of squash)Mushroom Burger.The soup was bland.  The burger was pastey.  All in all a disapointment.
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	I like spinach.  I like it sauteed with garlic.  I like it flavored with lemon zest.  I like it raw.   I like it on the bed, on the floor, on a towel by the door, in the tub, in the car, up against the minibar.  I'm fucking Matt Damon!Ok, so I like spinach.  So naturally, I would want to support any establishment owned  by the original spinacia oleracea afficiando himself, Popeye.But it turns out that Olive's isn't operated by Popeye. It's owned by Stanford DIning.  They hide it well, though.  It really does feel, legitimately, like an independent Mediterranean cafe.  And when you pay, you don't have to give your money to the man.  You only have to give your Stanford Dining Points (tm), which you may or many not have purchased with money, to the man. FIght the power.
zoOkFWhXlYbQZT2w64XXjg	I went here one late night while visiting a friend on campus. I'm really happy that they are open late night.The burgers are bit pricey but they do offer a rather wide selection. I'd say the burgers are nothing too special, it's just an average burger. I would say that the fries are the highlight of the meal. I had the waffle fries. Yes, they are a bit greasy. These waffle fries are little on the crunchier side, which is how I like it.My friend ordered their chicken tenders type meal. The chef ended up giving her more chicken because he felt bad that the chicken she had wasn't fresh. I thought that was a rather nice touch because he certainly didn't have to remake her order since she didn't complain. Like I said, it is a bit pricey for only serving average burgers but it's open late night and convenient. The staff is also very friendly. I had no idea what to order and the cashier was able to recommend a few different things.
XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFw	I work in the Huang Engineering Center, and have been to the neighboring Coupa Cafe many times, especially for lunch.Service here is friendly enough, although they're usually just trying to pedal you through so that they can get to the next customer standing in the line stretching out into the space outside the library.It's a campus eatery, and there's not much ambiance here. That said, there's a copious amount of seating just outside the cafe in Y2E2, and wooden chairs and tables are lined all over the area.As for the food and beverages...I have ordered tea and hot chocolate there in the past, but I honestly don't remember how it was, and it's so seldom when I order their beverages, so this review will be entirely on the food. Obviously the tea and hot chocolate doesn't impress me enough to want to order it more, but short of that, I can't remember my precise objections to it.Unfortunately, the food leaves a lot to be desired, as most of it is pretty underwhelming. I think my favorite one so far, one that can't be screwed up, is the ham and cheese crepe.In the past, I've had the smoked salmon crepe as well, and it's just pretty bland. Nothing really brings out the smokiness of the salmon. I've also had their goat cheese salad, which is just okay. The goat cheese is the highlight of it, but even that doesn't have a very strong flavor, the way that goat cheese should.I truly do wish the salads were a bit better, as I do like salads, and could use the vegetables during the day! But, c'est la vie...
sL3Onn_3L9eKH3fBU5XTBQ	Now and then I get an order that tastes like how I would imagine a burnt rubber tire would taste. i usually pass by here on one of my many daily walks. It is convenient since it is close to the office but usually the lines are pretty long. I don't have high expectations but I am a sucker for catchy names. not as good as my all time favorites-Java the Hutt or Expresso Yourself.
SC2HZlY3V7XdwfZ4s4_z8A	I know I am supposed to love Ike's but I just can't.  It is a true SF invention, has innovative sandwiches with names inspired by local and not so local celebrities, but, the bread is tough, stale and hard to chew,  there was too much meat and mayo and not enough toppings.  While it is fun that the sandwiches come with chips and a caramel apple candy, I would rather have a cheaper sandwich.  $11 is too much for a takeout lunch that I don't want to finish.  Finally, it just takes them too long to make a sandwich.  I want them to take my order and return with my sandwich in less than ten minutes.  Many other cafes/ sandwich shops have mastered this skill.  I don't know why Ike's can't.  True there is a long line, but I think it would move faster if they could just make a sandwich while I watched.
gzAjRk90EnJVIPwzce_FLQ	I could not have had a better experience with Dr. Most. Throughout my entire life I have had a horrible time breathing through my nose, especially at night when trying to sleep.  The cause of this is a severely deviated septum that blocks almost all airflow on one side of my nose. This led to an 18 year addiction to Afrin, which at one point I was using every couple hours. While I managed to quite Afrin at the beginning of this year, absolutely no medication was able to help me breath.  I finally decided to take it to the next level and consider a Septoplasty, and I heard from multiple sources that Dr. Most was the best surgeon for this in the bay.I was a little apprehensive at first since I had a challenging nose for a septoplasty (and you can make yourself paranoid reading about all of the risks and surgeries gone wrong), but Dr. Most and his team was always able to put me at ease.On the day of the surgery everything went flawless. Every person that I spoke to at Standford that day from the receptionist to the nurse that discharged me was friendly, competent, and positive. I woke up from the surgery with absolutely no pain or side effects from the anesthesia that was used. The crazy thing is I could breathe through my nose immediately after the surgery. I didn't even realize that I had stints until I got home. While there was some pain during that week after surgery, it was nothing like what I was expecting or read about.Now for the best part. After getting my stints removed, I was able to breath better than at any point in my life (including when I was medicated with Afrin). As a true testament to Dr. Most's work, 2 months after the surgery I came down with a cold and I was STILL able to breathe out of my nose and sleep at night. My only regret is not doing this surgery sooner.Dr. Most really changed my life. Even my most optimistic expectations were exceeded!
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	I like the Stanford bookstore cafe a lot.  I don't think I discovered the cafe as a place to study until my junior or senior year.  It's always satisfied my craving for Haagen Dazs coffee & almond crunch bars (savoring as I speak) and they have cheap coffee in the morning.Sometimes it's hard to find a place to sit, but usually it's alright.  No close outlets for your laptop though.
ckMFtaljrmXWaSiQqk9ZWA	Stanford students now have another eatery on campus that is worthy of trekking over to the geekier side of campus.  Nexus is located where Linx used to be, in the Clark Center.  I had never been to Linx before, so I found Nexus to be a pleasant surprise, but I hear that people who used to frequent Linx are upset because Nexus no longer offers Stanford students the tax free discount or takes Cardinal Dollars.When you walk in, you are presented with an astonishing array of eating choices.  On the right, you can grab a salad or sushi box to go (I personally hate buying boxed sushi, but some people seem to do it on a regular basis - go figure).  Then (from right to left) there's a pizza station, asian stir fry station, pasta station, and sandwhich station (which includes burgers and such).  It's a really longass counter.  In front of all this goodness is a large salad and soup bar.  I can't believe they actually serve everything on real plates.  And they have real silverware.  It actually seems like a legit eating estabishment!  The prices are probably about $1 more than everywhere else on campus (excluding Museum Cafe, actually they are probably on par with Tressider), but the food is probably worth more than $1 more in terms of eating utility.  But maybe that's because I enjoy good food.Some people complain that the counter service is slow, but when everything is cooked to order, what do you expect?  It's kind of like In-N-Out, which isn't really fast food per se, but is FASTER food.  In my opinion, the wait is totally worth it.
EtqNHeqEiup1YGy5S2c_Ug	Get: "Menage-A-Trois" (aka "The Last Kiss") on Dutch CrunchHands down the best sandwich I've ever had. Granted, I gain 5 pounds just from looking at it, but it's so worth it. Been twice and gotten the "Menage-A-Trois" (aka "The Last Kiss") as per 7x7's recommendation and wil probably never try any other sandwich.I still don't know what's in it...but I don't care. It's that good. Went on a weekend, I think on a holiday, and it was pretty empty although I imagine that it's packed with a bunch of coders around lunchtime on weekdays (it's in the new engineering building on Stanford campus).Not the cheapest sandwich but it's worth it to try at least. I wouldn't go every day for the monetary and health reasons (their bread has dirty sauce - probably just garlick-y mayo - baked into it) but if I didn't care about that stuff, then I'd be there breakfast, lunch, and dinner!The fact that there's an Ike's on campus is one of the main reasons why I'd consider going back to grad school...
zLnJAIrziy39S-gg7JWQJg	This is one of the most AMAZING places I have ever eaten. I am a sandwich connoisseur and it takes a legendary sandwich to really hook me. Well let me be the first to say Ikes Place was that place for me. I have been to all three Ikes Place locations and on days where making it all the way to SF to purchase a epic sandwich is just not in the cards, I head over to the Stanford Location (which has the most seating anyways) I live in South San Jose and would travel the close to 30 miles to eat an Ikes Place sandwich!  Ikes place = epic and awesome nom, nom, nom's  PRO TIP: If you are awesome enough I challenge you to attempt the Trials of Superman....
cCd4dxDGl_imZmZf8pXNFw	Taube Tennis Center has awesome courts.  They're extremely well maintained and always clean.  Better yet, if you're a student or affiliate you can reserve a court.  I come play on these courts probably close to once a week.In the summer they also host The Bank of the West Classic, a women's professional tournament.  I attend almost every year, and this past year I volunteered.  It's very well run, and it's your chance to get up close and personal to the real pros (Serena, Sharapova, Venus, etc.).  The stadium is very intimate so pretty much every seat is good.
XofXsviRkS2KsDQXKt3-VA	Only $5 a person!! You can't beat that for a climbing wall! The friendly and helpful staff is a definite bonus! Also, it is a great date idea for the budget friendly :)
hB8faQt61zh-54dVmXOoiA	Meh. The only real reason I wanted to try this place was because of the name "Fraiche." It reminded me of creme fraiche which I'm a big fan of. The yogurt here is icy and stiff contrary to Yogurtland's smooth and creamy yogurt. I had the pomegranate yogurt with blueberries and strawberries and it made me yearn for Yogurtland's pomegranate blackberry yogurt. Sigh. There's a lot of talk about the "soft and pillowy" mochii from other yelp reviews but I was in a fruity kinda mood and mochii just seemed a bit dry and heavy for me. The probability of me coming back is quite slim, but maybe if I'm ever in the area again, I'll give the regular tart yogurt a chance and top it with some mochi pillows.
K1lkv1Zpnzsl3n08Zv04kg	Dirrrrrrrrty. That's how I like my sandwiches and my men. Wait... no... not men, just sandwiches. I like my men clean. Anyhoo... I digress. The sandwiches at Ike's are absolutely delicious and enormous. My personal favorite is the Lincecum. Avocado, havarti, ham, turkey and bacon. Add a little of their special dirty sauce, lettuce and tomato and it's orgasmic. My coworker introduced us to this place, since he's a sandwich aficionado and I've been forever changed. Also it's nice to walk on the beautiful stanford campus from time to time and chill on a nice warm day.
63IsblsehOcN2OvhVIP9Vg	LINX is dangerous.  Every time I go in there and confront the gleaming counters with the yummy food being served on cute little square asian dishes, I want to buy one of everything.  That's not a good idea, given the substantial portions.There are three main hot entree areas, where you can choose from among rotating asian fusion options (their grilled salmon with soy glaze over soba is yummy), mediterranean (had some kind of lamb, and curried potatoes which were great) and american (the rotisserie chicken is tender and moist).  All the entrees are around $6-9; if you're not in the mood for something hot you can grab sushi or a salad quickly and skip the entree lines.The cafe is clean and well-lit, with a couple hundred seats inside, some patio tables, and a nice grassy area only a few short steps away.  Definitely gets crowded around lunchtime, but it's a great option to introduce a little variety into your routine.
TN1u5qxrFnL9EZdU9smqRw	Well, since I frequent this cafe almost everyday, I figured I should finally review it.  The croissants and coffee here are definitely above the quality present at Starbucks, so as a morning wake-up cafe - it succeeds.However, the service is always somehow antagonistic yet simultaneously bewildered at their role within the cafe.  They are a whirling pattern of employees behind the cash register, but they seem unable to get beyond a slow trickle of orders coming out.Most importantly, don't ever ask to alter something on the menu, b/c it either won't come out or the request will simply be ignored.  I'm not referring to some complex vegan order here - I asked them to put an egg on a bagel (something mysteriously missing from their menu), but somehow the bagel arrived nicely toasted sans egg...Great location, lots of potential, a bit of a let down
nYky7MEpPC32VMha8C_VtA	Local, organic, international, freshThis is a refreshing change from other staid Stanford eating establishments. The selection is good, with a wide variety of salad items, sandwiches, hot burgers, italian/mexican/asian entrees, plus a big selection of natural drinks and organic snacks. The interior is cool, with a green/white post modern decor. You serve yourself and pay at the register and enjoy it outside or in the Ikea like decor.I had an Asian tofu stirfry for $5...not bad given with brown rice, healthy and tasty!
-s04aRndwvhmTrsqWsoKfA	The grill area is the one I've tried the most often and like the best (and the salad bar). If they ever have the pulled pork sandwiches again, get them, they are great.Seating is at long communal tables meant to foster connections (links) between people of different backgrounds, the same spirit behind the whole building which houses the Bio-X program.
Ziz1dBhYulEfv98sPj9NIw	I probably have eaten here more than anywhere else since I've come to Stanford. They offer your typical cafeteria fare with different stations including sandwich, Asian, Burger, Pizza, Daily Special, and salad.Among their two best stations are their Asian which always has Teriyaki chicken and one additional dish, and their salad (the Nexus Signature is amazing... for the non-blue cheese fans, sub in Parmigiana). Mondays are always Indian, and its pretty good.During dinner time, they always serve the daily special and the burger bar, so stop in if you're there late.My only gripe is that there prices are pseudo-high, hitting $7 to $8 for food that should be between $5 to $6.50, especially for the crowd they are catering too, but for those around Stanford med school and it's lab, its a convenient and pretty good choice.
BxSeiMApTGkDkl-whxGTCg	Came in on a Monday afternoon and I was surprised that it was empty. Maybe cause it was summer. First time at Stanford and it was an interesting campus. Came here to order a couple of sandwiches before my trip down to socal and damn the cashier was pretty. Maybe I should've left a tip for her number.Ordered some manage a trois' and my kryptonite. Just as good as the place in SF but I would rather go to the OG location just cause its nicer.You definitely gotta try this place out if you haven't and check out Palo Alto too! It's pretty nice haha
FIHv-S6cb76mLNWLKho88w	The prices have gone up again!From $5.75 to $6.25 and to add chicken is now $1.50!As much as I love the salads here, there are other alternatives on campus. Each year the prices go up... the first year they also sized down.
TbDOHRKSddMd8fdJqjKirQ	For a school cafeteria, really it's not bad.  It's not the most amazing restaurant, but it offers a wide selection of fresh foods, especially at lunch, and has pretty good deals on breakfast too.for dinner - don't bother unless you have toand it even sells wine!no tax if you're a student (or look like one)
w-w-k-QXosIKQ8HQVwU6IQ	***This shop carries a lot of Stanford apparel (and there are several shirts that you can only find on campus and some of them are even reasonably priced); unfortunately, the shop is very limited compared to the very well stocked university bookstore; I would definitely head there first before buying anything from this more satellite option***Visitor parking is by the hour (the parking lot sits right next to the store).  There are a few parking pass dispensers available that accept either credit card or cash (after buying the parking pass, you have to place it on top of your dashboard).
N_aPWqaB5wNcxx97hgJWqg	Union Square is Stanford's food court. While the food isn't the highest quality, it is decent considering the price. Stay away from the sushi, but the panini, Chinese, and pizza stations are acceptable. If you're a Stanford student/ affiliate you don't pay tax, plus you get an additional 10% off if you use cardinal dollars.
a5QS6g30nM4q2XFGP6Po9g	Minus one star because I thought everything was good until I tried the vegetarian noodles on Monday...mix of pad thai noodles with instant ramen noodles with lack of sauce. Really far behind all the other delicious food the rest of the days. I'd still recommend everything else on the menu, just not the veggie noodles!
NnL6HUNY9ckb9mSbTGkjOg	My panini? Eh. Chicken was dry, and salad was limp.My elephant vanilla chai? Magical.Their food might be ordinary, but their coffee is a whole nother story. Definitely recommend their chai, but their regular coffee is good too. Prepare to wait a little in the mornings and around lunch time. Service can be slow.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Once you digest the rather silly pun of a name, Bytes is actually worth waiting in line for a quick lunch, an afternoon snack, or a fresh cup of coffee. The seasonal menu items are nice, esp. the soups and salads. I would recommend these over the ubiquitous sandwiches and panini. Italian though the name may be, it's still just a sandwich. The outdoor tables are nice. The staff give you numbers and bring your meals from the kitchen as soon as they are prepared, assuming that you can locate an open table, which is sometimes a challenge. Stanford never tasted so good.
xs4GVB9p7xl-1QVawOPdAg	Got the menage a trois (halal chicken, bbq sauce, honey mustard, honey)...the sauce is kind of overwhelming and drips everywhere.  But, it was good.  Portions are fairly large.  I didn't know and got a full sandwich, but a half would've probably sufficed.  There's always a line, not just during prime lunch hour.  I believe I waited 15min for my sandwich because apparently they bake the bread after you order.  I'll have to say it's got the biggest selection of any sandwich place on campus.  It's an interesting move, opening up a branch on campus.  You've definitely got an upper limit on your sales but at least you can count on steady business.
xLldDRZe1DCTY-05-OIauA	Mmm...tastes like Jamba Juice!  Uh, but the line can get ridiculously long and move super duper duper slow.  Oh, and forget about free smoothie day...In comparison to the one on Union St in the Marina (which I give 5-stars), this is two stars less awesome.  =(
CSXx5oez4TNYCdtdjb73dg	I hired Carlos and his team for a very special occasion and their services exceeded all my expectations! Very professional, delicious drinks and such attentive and polite service I was just so pleased with everything! They set up a beautiful bar area and Carlos even brought a nice bottle of wine for me, which was a really sweet touch! I would highly recommend this company's services for whatever size event you are looking for.!
z14ezmDNQDqdE8MXcygyeA	I come here pretty often because I work on the Stanford campus not far from this location and the food here is pretty good compared to some of the other options on campus.  I highly recommend ordering online and then heading over to pick up your food -- during lunch time, I've waited for 20-30 minutes to get my crepe or salad if I haven't ordered ahead... just be sure to double-check you get everything before you leave, because I have had them mess up orders on me before.Things I like:  -the tiger spice chai with soy is the right mix of spicy and creamy.  I actually think it tastes better with soy than with nonfat milk for some reason.-One of my coworkers introduced me to the JP Waffle.  It's a HUGE waffle with strawberries, bananas & nutella.  They give you syrup too.  Sometimes we order one to share and it is serious comfort food.-My usual is the veggie wrap with a side salad -- it's often enough to split into 2 meals, which isn't bad for $7-8.The service isn't great and the food isn't fast, but if you order ahead online I bypass my 2 biggest gripes about this place!
EeGadkcCPuqb4Czy90CRQA	The 5 stars are for the Shrimp Salad. I love it. When I was in high school I worked at the American Express Travel that used to be on campus. My job was to walk around campus all day, delivering airline tickets to professors and what not. I found this place while I was walking around. It used to be in the hallway, set up with card tables and they had crock pots in the back room. I would eat there almost every day that I worked because the food was great, cheap and different than any Thai food from a restaurant. Then I joined the Navy and went away for years. When I was home on leave, I would always try to pop into this place just to get the Shrimp Salad, which was always my favorite item. In my travels, I have searched the world for a comparable Shrimp Salad, but have not been able to find anything even close. I have even special ordered it at several restaurants, but they have all been unable to reproduce it for me. Fast forward a couple of years and I found that they had shut down. I showed up one day, and they just were not there. A couple of weeks ago I did a little searching around and found that they were back at Stanford and had a better set up now, nearby to the hallway they used to be in. The food is identical to what it used to be like. The Shrimp Salad is so simple, but something about it is just amazing. It is basically just iceburg lettuce, topped with spaghetti noodles, topped with crushed peanuts, shimp, scallions, a sliced lemon and some sweet pepper sauce, like Mae Ploy sauce I guess, on top. So good. I used to also get the peanut sauce salad, which is also really good and the various curry dishes. I highly recommend this place. The 5 stars is not because it should have a Michelin Star, it is because the food here is unique really, really tasty. This is like the equivalent of finding a really good taco truck that you just can't get enough of. There is some picnic tables to eat at nearby and everything is about 6 bucks. You really can't go wrong!
v8RLnGiWPFXuwnavp-NfSw	I like Bytes. There is never enough seating at lunch, but this is just about the best place on campus to get a salad, and they have good sandwiches too. They usually have about 10 offerings per day, so its focused, fresh and tasty.
OZRhAe-La1bX2xhLGJujVg	Ike's Place at Stanford University is a great discovery. Of course I've heard of the world famous Ike's in SF. This collage annex certainly lives up to the reputation of the "mother-ship". I had  the "Matt Cain" and my wife had the "Jim Rome". Both were creative and  delicious. Their special sauce is very tasty and should be bottled and sold in stores. The options of fresh baked breads are numerous, but I suggest their "signature" dutch crunch. Also, go for the large size, I made the mistake of ordering a half and was wanting for more. Ike's Place is located in the Engineering Building, however, it's not well marked, just ask one of the students walking around, they'll direct you. If you're working or visiting someone at the Stanford Hospital, don't settle for hospital food, seek out Ike's. You won't be disappointed.
4x7RkYst84WPnjvz4DnuUg	The location is amazing. The food is pretty great. The coffee is fantastic. The sweets are pretty good. The day they start serving Handley Pinor Noir will be the day I change my rating to 5-stars.Their service used to be pretty slow but the last time I went (this past weekend) they were quite speedy.Seafood salad sandwhich is sub-par in my opinion (though my mom loved it). Love the Chef's salad (?) -- greens, blue cheese, bacon, beets, egg, etc. Love the cobbler + REAL cafe macciato (espresso + foam).What's better than a killer swim at Stanford Aquatic Center followed by lunch at Cool Cafe and an hour or so strolling around the museum? The location is divine.
3vHNhZ5zrpZMTM5CgTE6rg	I wanted to go to school in a city.I wanted to go far away from home.I wanted to attend a small liberal arts college.But then I got that acceptance letter from Stanford and I just didn't know how to say no. (Plus, Macalester's head of music....CREEPY!)I love Stanford. Don't get me wrong by my 3 star rating, but my Stanford experience is atypical. I am not an engineer. I'm not even premed. I'm a music major. This means that I am a member of a small, almost hidden department. We're more like a co-op than an academic department, more a family than a system of professors, grad students, and undergrads. I love my department, and I shudder to think what my life would be like if it weren't for the people there who I have met.And the weather! Who can beat the weather? Certainly not the Ivys, and definitely not backwoods Ohio where I almost ended up for four years. I don't mind the architecture, and the sculpture garden is magnificent. So why only three stars? You ask. Well, here's the deal. We are a research school which means about 50% of the faculty should never be put in front of a room a students. Some of these people simply can't teach. Furthermore, there is a whole line of red tape that has to be followed before anyone can do anything. For instance, my friend and I put on an opera this year, but to get funding we couldn't just say "We're music students. Stanford is lacking in an opera program. We're going to create one." Rather, we had to come up with some "real academic" (actual words of the undergraduate research adviser assigned us) reason for this particular opera (Hansel and Gretel) to be at Stanford. We did it, and it was fine..but it was also unnecessary. Oh yeah, and I'm tired of the condescending attitude toward the humanities majors. Sure, we probably won't have jobs straight out of school...but we also know how to think abstractly...so there!
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	The most beautiful campus in the world and I am a CAL grad and on top of that you get this gem.All you need to do is show up, park and go to the top for the most amazing circle view of Santa Clara Valley you will ever see. And all for cheap, Stanford could even charge more if they really wanted and I would pay more, no problem.Great place to take friends, family, kids, any interested party because they will all love it. And so few people take advantage of it. It is NEVER crowded.
c6-5kwaN_w9Bgwlz088sZw	Quasadilla with steak is very nice!
uvoWDiH8ryFeeSNu6UPoZA	Im usually a small eater, very small eater...but when it comes to ikes, i can finish up to 2 full sandwiches ...four halves..no kidding..I love their dutch crust name of girl Im dating with extra lettuce,onions and tomotoes and on days that i feel to be a vegetarian I always get the Pilmgrim with is tofurkey with cranberry etc...ikes makes the best sandwiches
eR9pvZaGcfip946-re2-5g	The Axe and Palm serves breakfast all day and is open until 2am.  Oddly enough, they don't open until 11am (or noon during holidays).  Though it seemed to take a while to get my breakfast order of pancakes and eggs, it was an okay meal.  There was a huge line due to some event happening on campus that weekend.  I've only been once.  But, it's nice to have a place that stays open late on campus.
YTdE26NYZdIABe5ykRwJjA	I have *extreme* jealousy for current Stanford students!  I graduated a couple years ago, but I would have loved to have a place like this on campus during school.I've tried a lot of different fro-yo places on the peninsula, but I have to say that fraiche is my favorite. The soy frozen yogurt with strawberries and wildflower honey gets me every time.  The taste of the yogurt is very unique, and the texture feels "home-made".  Keep in mind that it's not as tart or as creamy as Red Mango or Pinkberry, if that's what you're into. Don't leave is place without putting wildflower honey on your yogurt!
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	Best place to get a sandwich on campus (unless you love Subway). Vegetarian sandwich has quite an abundant amount of avocado. Good bread selection, including rye.
uOBZIWu4Da2dWW-kUEHR9g	I had to stop by Stanford since I was in the area! The bookstore was awesome. They had a bunch of hoodies & t-shirts on clearance so I had to get me one! Yea I'm faking the funk but whatever! It'll be a social experiment to see if I get treated differently. LOL They get an extra star for introducing me to the most hilarious book I have bought in a long time, "I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell"
r8RArvbDUx6xv_TxMm0Y1w	Amazing sandwiches.  Big, unique, tasty.  Owner is super friendly.  I think he was Emo in a past life.  Eat here without hesitation
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	LOVE = Chocolate Milk + Expresso + FOAM. a.k.a   the Chocolate Captry it today.
3Q2bpt1iX6tdCuCK6M-ePA	It is definitely the best sandwich place on campus!  There are way too many selections though, and the line is always quite long.  But the sandwiches are yummy!
0RlFhjjlEpGPju0faFe9TQ	Great hot food right across the street from my office. Seriously, I eat here at least 2 times a week. My favorite item, Thai Basil Chicken. The food here is served from inside a truck, buffet style. Be careful, they charge by the pound, with so many options it's easy to over load. Best value for food on this side of campus. Menu items range from Chinese, Korean, Thai and Indian. Hours are limited but they are usually out there Mon-Fri 12-2. It also turns out to be a great location for networking with coworkers... See you there?
cTHvB1avJo4JrrtBHID4Dw	Tasty food, good ambiance. Love coming here late at night.
pskTGmNATgiOj6750WPLDA	I have to say this is the worst sandwich I have had in quite a while. I ordered the very popular Menage-a-Trois as recommended by many people here. I can't understand the hype - it's simply BBQ sauce, the least expensive lettuce and tomato with very mediocre cheese. Any big franchise sandwich shop can easily beat this at only half of the price.  The key-lime soda I had has all kinds of artificial stuff with absolutely zero natural ingredient (I'm giving this rating only for the food though). It also takes quite a while to get the food, with only a handful of customers before me. Maybe it's just bad luck for me, but I really can't see why it got so many five star ratings...and please stop hyping the "dirty sauce", it's no better than regular BBQ sauce.
RdGgH2C655oklnPT3oZJ0A	Came here to see a jazz concert featuring Luciana Souza: Brazilian Duos with Romero Lubambo after getting free tickets from Yelp.  Nice intimate theater, decent seats and lighting, but they were missing the A/C so it did feel a little stuffy.
aKAGlmoKsgnQ8Avh86-SOg	This place is a better place to get breakfast than Tazza D'amore at SF Caltrain, so I usually come here when I've run out of my morning yogurt. I always get the cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese, toasted. It's pretty decent, except for a few times when the bagel wasn't toasted enough. It usually is just fine though. I can't really give four stars for a toasted bagel with cream cheese though! I just can't. Their breakfast sandwiches are way expensive ($4.50 for just a bagel, egg, and cheese?) and not really worth it. I can make a better breakfast sandwich in my sleep.Their sandwiches are okay, but nothing really to write home about. This place is a solid three stars.
4b6saCX_1wl4cXZgmzMg8g	It's not about the quality here; it's about the convenience and the quantity ... it's 5$ for a heap of MSG and food... if you get in line early, you can get the chicken curry, or one of the many solid soups (if you don't, you get stuck with whatever's left).  Oh, and one other thing, know what you want when you order though, they're kind of soup Nazi-ish around here.
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	Food is really mediocre...service horrendous. The lady got everyone's order messed up and we ended up waiting 20 minutes just to get a grilled cheese. I felt bad for the lady because everyone was staring her down with evil eyes =(
Uc1uGUGAEo41bogH5JROfQ	I was worried at first that this place wouldn't be up to the standard of the Palo Alto location. You never know once a business starts franchising into small locations. But not to worry, they're doing a good job so far. The baristas here know how to pull a proper shot. I had the venezuelan latte and, honestly, it tasted like a normal latte to me. But a well-made one, so I'm not complaining. They're open weekdays only and only until 5:30, which isn't great but it's pretty much on par for Stanford campus.
vZljzeao1gleetOhC9BvaA	Come on, Ike's!  With the new call-in and email system, things are still not working as expected."*Long lines so just call  (650.322.1766) or email (nachoboy_5@yahoo.com) your order ahead of time!"If you email in...---You have to order 24 hours in advance for large orders---Call when they open (10AM) to confirm they got the order---Bring a copy of your order to help speed up the payment---When you arrive at the pickup time, expect 10-15 minute delays---Expect to feel like an asshole for skipping the long lineAlso notable is that they accidentally gave me an extra sandwich (which is ok, extra is better than incomplete) and messed up a couple options on a few sandwiches (where's my dutch crunch??).Redwood Shores is crazy efficient - less space and fewer people.  At the RS location, I was in and out super fast (5 minutes tops).  My order was always ready at pickup time, payment was quick and organized, and rarely did they make a mistake on an order.  Since it was so quick, you don't feel like an asshole for skipping the line.I'll keep coming to support the Ike's franchise on a weekly basis, but I hope some big improvements are made on service, efficiency and organization. I won't be upping my star rating until it does.
aP523nJ5B4xnvqLrLs0gZA	I was referred to Carlos Kronen by Brooke Greene of NESTLIN who I was working with on a wedding location.  I am always a bit guarded about referrals because you never know if they're pointing you to friends, relatives or someone giving kickbacks.  But it became clear right away that Carlos was 100% sincere and professional.  He was very accomodating, detailed and helpful in every way when it came to helping us plan our wedding event.  When he arrived to provide service, he did everything he said he'd do, plus he offered outstanding, friendly, professional service as well.  It's hard to find sincere, nice, intelligent people, let alone someone you need to depend on for a very important occasion.  Carlos offered that plus more.  I'd recommend him to anyone and would certainly call upon him again for bartending services whenever the need arises.
a5QS6g30nM4q2XFGP6Po9g	I think this is one of the best places to eat on the stanford med campus. I usually get the Aztec salad or the BBQ chicken burrito, both around $7 for a big lunch. In fact I end up splitting whatever I get with people so it's more like $3.50 for a filling lunch. Sure, service isn't the jolliest, but who cares...the food is good and cheap. Make sure to at least stop by and try this place if you're looking for food on the med campus.
nt11Zb2jY713btrvc15Qrw	Can someone tell me why this place isn't the place that, if I were a student I wouldn't come to for every meal?Prices----crazy reasonable.Quality---crazy highService--Crazy goodmanager is so professional, and she cares!  Her name is Rosio, (I think)Its fun, Its loud, but there are area's that you can be alone.Of course it is for students and professors.  Go while you are on campus, and go if you are in Palo Alto.ITs better than anything you going to find out off campus.  I especially like...... well, everything.
oNV7-xGC9Mi9lGLF1s6jmw	Ike's is possibly my favorite sandwich place to date, even with that hefty price tag (and I'm cheap, so that's saying something). Fortunately the sandwiches are so dense and loaded with delicious-ness that half a sandwich is filling enough (although it's so good that I usually get a full one).I had the Menage a Trois and quite frankly, that's all I think I'm ever going to order from Ike's. It was amazing. It has three different types of sauces so it's pretty gross looking by the time you find a seat and unwrap it, but if you can get over the lack of aesthetic appeal, you are in for a treat. The combination of the three different sauces gives it a unique and good flavor that makes you just want to keep on eating without stopping to take a breath. Be warned though, if you're not in the mood for a some messy grub, order something else. My friends have tried a lot of the other sandwiches, and when I tried a bite of their's, they were good, but I felt a little sorry for them--in comparison to the Menage a Trois, they all seemed like boring old sandwiches. Albeit, they are some of the best boring old sandwiches I've had (with funky combinations, hilarious names, and lots of vegetarian/vegan friendly options), but the Menage a Trois is the sandwich taken to a whole other level. TRY IT.It's so good that I deemed it worthy of my first yelp review! ;)
_k1SZqmthiRtPRj7z48iaA	Finally, a decent place for food on Stanford Campus.  However, the portions can sometimes be skimpy for a $8 entree --- just depends on who you get as the server behind the counter.  Definitely frustrating at times to get just a tiny slice of steak while at other times they feel more generous.  Portions aside, food is fresh and good.  Best choice on campus by far.
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Decent food, but not great. Very average to poor quality (especially the noodles).Fast service. Cheap. Sometimes staff is rude.Does not accept credit cards or cardinal dollars.
Vf8IskDj3MWzmTyWnfS8Tw	It's alright. It's food, and it's there when you need it (late evenings, weekends). You'd ideally go somewhere else more healthy, but since nothing is open weekend evenings, the convenience of Panda gets it 3 stars.
ukfZEKae8SLavXHDDwdKBQ	Oh my god oh my god oh my god omigod OMG OMG OMG!I was going through some old floppy disks (YES, the 1.4 MB kind) and OMG OMG OMG I actually found the personal statement that I wrote when I was 17 years old and submitted with my application to Stanford!  Here's an excerpt of my response to the question of how you think you will contribute to the Stanford community (directly copied and pasted from the Word document):"... and while my ambitions are high and my goals will always sit slightly out of reach, when it comes down to it, I can only bring my personal beliefs, my morals, my self-enforcing laws, and myself to the Stanford campus and community.  And while that does include a passion to succeed and an innate desire to achieve, I do realize that I am human, and at the end of the day, I'll still be the same Chink I have always been eating the same Big Montanas I have always known and loved."I know I'm a Cal alumnus and I'm supposed to hate Stanford with an unbridled passion, but I WAS ADMITTED INTO STANFORD UNIVERSITY EVEN THOUGH I TALKED ABOUT CHINKS AND ARBY'S IN MY PERSONAL STATEMENT.3 HIGHLY DESERVED STARS.
I0XJHy5POI8wFzP5lVXRgw	If it's not Tuesday or Thursday (days that they serve bbq outside of CCSR), I go to Clark Center.They have a lot of different types of food and the quality is better than any cafeteria-style place I've ever eaten. The prices are reasonable and the salad bar is huge! I've had their burgers, quesadillas, and burritos and haven't been dissatisfied. If it's Monday, go there. They have tasty indian food every Monday.
1DcL2o2psspLxtgOrSXhkA	After driving around aimlessly looking for this place, we finally parked and asked some students where Ike's was. It's located in the engineering building on Stanford campus so it may be a little hard to find for non-students. However, the trek is worth it as these sandwiches are easily among the top 5 I've ever had.The menu they have on the blackboard lists only some of the more popular ones. They have menus on the counter with the full selection which you can also view online. I decided to go with the Lincecum and I was not disappointed. Loaded with turkey, ham, bacon, avocado, havarti, tomato, and lettuce, each bite was heavenly. We came around lunch on a Monday but there was no line and we were able to order right away. They even brought the food to us afterwords even though we sat across the room. I would recommend getting the full-size, however, as each half is only like 4 inches. Will definitely be back to try some of the other sandwiches.
-9Wnr-QvOeDfuIRyaH6VRQ	This place is hidden but not a gem, not recommended.
hOPhxpCvB2bKjRoMG16OCw	OMG the southwestern salad is to DIE for! its fresh, flavorful, and fun! it has the perfect combination of toppings -- the crunchy stuff is my favorite.i have to agree with the first person -- it's VERY expensive. i paid 6.25 with NO chicken. the chicken is an additional 1.25 (or something). the salad is filling, but you should be getting more for your money. and for that reason, it gets 4 stars instead of the deserved 5
FFSS1B1C1g9jRoLjf26SuA	It's worth the wait. Order online if you don't have an extra 30 minutes for lunch. Delicious vege options. I always try something new. Better than the sandwiches at CCSR cafe and more reasonably priced.
48LWi9T8RM4AnsSKFNwTSQ	Wow, what to say that hasn't already been said.  I've been eating here for almost three years now and have never had a bad meal.  The food is made fresh everyday and their sea food pasta is worth the long line.  I would definitely recommend this cafe to anyone visiting Stanford.  My only complaint would be that they add another register to help shorten the lines that start around noon time.
_RWXFYz87bd6LoFnTWiwnQ	Disappointed sums it up when I think of this particular place. I went here recently and found the service to be poor in the sense that they got my order wrong. Being that I didn't want to cause drama and / or have my drink spat into, I didn't ask for them to redo my order, so I would have given one star but instead, I'm giving two stars as there may have been a possibility they would have rectified the mistake and I didn't give them that chance. Yet I must explain further as to why I'm rating them this low (and it's not because I'm a Cal alumni - please don't egg me on Yelp Stanfordians =X) - at the Peet's coffee shop in Walnut Creek, CA, I experienced the best peppermint hot chocolate with soy milk and the service there was awesome! I was at Stanford to play a really tough doubles tennis match, but since I didn't play as well as I wanted to, I wanted to treat my doubles partner to this awesome drink at Peet's as he had never tried Peet's peppermint hot chocolate before. (and just to note that even though this drink is usually seasonally provided during the Holidays, you can still ask for it and they will give it to you - well... at least the Walnut Creek, CA Peet's coffee shop does! =P I must have been spoiled... I do have to point out that I asked if this was possible to order at this Stanford one and they ASSURED me that it was possible and took down the order as I asked.) However, when the order was ready, we took our first taste and it was NASTY. There was no peppermint in it, so that makes me think that the original hot chocolate mix is just awful... no me gusta. The other thing I noticed is that the guy who took my order left shortly afterwards, so perhaps he was in a rush but that's no excuse to "accidentally" rob customers of their desired experience - I really wanted my doubles partner to enjoy it, but ... epic fail =( Not sure if I'd ever go back to this one, but if I ever do, perhaps they can make me change my mind about giving them two stars...
8Aq_UdlsrjhBwGWb_U-xRA	Located on the campus of Stanford University, Cobb Track at Angell Field is easily my favorite track and field facility in the greater Northern California.  I first visited this facility back in May 2002 as a fan of the Oracle U.S. Open Track & Field Invitational.  I loved the facilities so much that I became an active volunteer for different track meets from 2003 through 2006 through USA Track & Field and Stanford Athletics.  I really didn't mind what I was assigned to as long as it was within the facility.  Among the many things I did were ushering and doing security in the grandstands, helping to set up hurdles and other track apparatuses and monitoring and chaperoning athletes as part of the required procedure for the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency.The track is well groomed, and whether I was situated in the grandstands or milling about along the fence line of the general admission areas I always got great views of all of the action taking place on the field or on the track.  The separate area for hammer throw events sits right next to the track in a field surrounded by wired fence.  There are lots of trees in the area so if the hot sun bearing down on the grandstands ever becomes bothersome finding shade is rarely a problem.I volunteer a lot less these days on the track, but I'm still a big fan of track and field both on the collegiate level and on the national level, and whenever possible I still enjoy coming out to the Farm, donned in dark glasses and SPF 45 because it's always hot and sunny in the grandstands and taking in my share of exciting track action.Just a note ... The 2009 Payton Jordan Cardinal Invitational takes place on Saturday, May 2 beginning at 3 PM and taking you into the night with the long distance running events closing out the schedule.  If you love track and field as much as I do come on out to see some up and coming NCAA athletes compete along with some proven veteran athletes both on the national and international levels.
aIFbo8WaP6SCuOFnj_v9kA	I've stayed at road-side hotels that have better service and amenities. I had a HORRID stay at Stanford's Faculty Club and have still not been able to get a returned phone call of concern for my troubles. The staff were incredibly rude and unhelpful - especially the woman who does catering. When I asked a simple question, "Is there a microwave that I can use on the premises?"...I was told to upgrade my room ($149.00) in order to have access to a microwave. I then asked if there was a microwave in their vast kitchen (which feeds hundreds per day) and was told "no." I later went down to the kitchen myself and was promptly shown the microwave by the kitchen staff...who were exceedingly helpful.When I asked for more decaf coffee pouches in my room, the housekeeping said they didn't have any. Then, she rifled through some old boxes and found ONE packet and some old creamers...no thanks. The Club boasts complimentary waters and sodas in your room fridge, but they never replenished my waters and they only offered sugared soda. (Sprite)There was an incessant "knocking" through the wall of my room that seemed associated with the water pressure or water heater system. There is no staff present on weekends; therefore, no help for these issues if you stay over the weekend.On one particular evening, there was a drumming festival a half mile down the road. I went down to ask if they could be more quiet as I was teaching a class the next morning. They told me that the drumming and prayers/singing (amplified by sound system) would continue until Midnight. I had to find another place to stay for that night as I could not sleep. I left a message for the staff overnight so that they would receive my complaint the next business day (Monday morning). The staff neither called me, apologized or acknowledged that there had been a problem at all. It has been a full week and I cannot get a return phone call.My advice is to spend less money and go to the Westin where they have amazingly comfortable beds, multi-head showers and Starbucks in your room. ($139.00 per night)
OIz8dTBZx9oXUfnPFYgVbQ	First of all, this library is open to the public, all you have to do is sign in. However, you can only check out books as a student/professor/university affiliate.Second, it has every major engineering journal from the last thirty years in the stacks. This is unusual, because many other top universities science libraries hide everything older than 10 years. Third, motion detector lights; why doesn't every library have this? Fourth, it's at Stanford, so if you sit at a good table you can immerse yourself in knowledge and look out upon a beautiful campus. Disclaimer, I am an engineering student, so obviously this is of more interest to me than most people and the only reason I went there initially was because I was doing research for an IP lawyer, but I'm so glad I did.
t9OAdJcdL3suwm0jsAzQEw	They need air conditioning! I've been here for a few concerts now and while I'd say the acoustics and lighting are alright, the temperature can be sweltering on a warm summer evening, even with a less than capacity crowd. Also, their bathrooms leave much to be desired (too small, too few stalls). I think the best productions to see here are for small groups. I saw a piano performance, a duo of singer and guitar, and an a capella performance. The a capella was delightful, but the acoustics were a bit muffled/overwhelming at times with so many voices.
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	Coupa has come to Stanford!Located in the bottom of the new Y2E2 (Environment & Energy building), Coupa serves all the same things it serves at the café on Ramona.I am eating a Coupa crepe as we speak... nutella, bananas, walnuts, powdered sugar, and cinnamon.  My new best friend.I'll definitely be hanging out and working here from now on, before the rest of Stanford discovers it!
0sZ1BLZEocy6fl5Gyfs5hQ	As many reviewers have pointed out,  being on campus this Subway does not have offer the same promotions (e.g. $5 foot-long sandwich) as normal Subway chains. However, there are ways to save you money:i). make sure that they know you are student so there will be no tax imposed. ii). purchase Cardinal money. It basically load money to your I.D. and they offer a 10% bonus (when you load $20, $22 credit will be on the card).The staffs are very courteous and ingredients are fresh. I enjoy a tuna sandwich after some work out during a hot summer day. Just be ware of the long line during lunch rush hour. I usually go around 11am just to avoid the wait.
elyvWgnY-oN7TfLMDt9o4Q	Free air and borrowing of tools.  Good enough for me.
vOTulAGHNcwgfyUhZJHYEg	have only tried it once but dammmm!! loved it i went to the one on 16th and castro and the service is great funny people who converse with you and make you laugh i had a mini 3min conversation with one of the cashiers and it makes the experience at a place that  much better it makes u want to go back food is amazing and id def go again and again
1T15lxz-vrx_rHsaQai4mQ	It's time to give these guys the credit they deserve. I have never bought a bike from this shop- they don't really carry a super impressive selection if you are a bike snob (but they do stock reasonably priced around-campus bikes which suit the needs of 90% of Stanford's student population, so I think they know their market just fine). Having never bought a bike here I have brought several of my bikes to them for repairs and they have been amazing every time. They don't care that your bike isn't from their shop, they don't try to upsell you anything. They probably spend most of their time fixing simple flats because the students with utility bikes don't even know how to change a tube. But when I've needed help with simple mechanical tasks that I don't have the tools for (swapping pedals or fixing brake lines) they have helped me on the spot and charged me nothing. When I bring in my vintage commuter roadie they deal with with her old-timey creaks and groans and fix her up better than I am able to. Prices are always fair and turnaround time is fast- something else you can't get at other shops (or they may not even serve you if your bike was bought elsewhere). So yeah- these guys know what they're doing and most of all they will help you out completely without judgement. 5 stars for ego-less bike service!!
fzvNtDDw9PFDfK_28TiO0Q	This place makes me cringe in pain. I only went here once. The woman behind the register could not comprehend that I wanted to ship my item to a PO. even though I told her I wanted to ship my item to the PO listed on the package. Instead she thought the item was going to be directly shipped to Korea. Long story short, I was over charged $30 and left feeling like I had just been ripped off. A few days later I received an apology letter and a check for the difference in rates at my home address. However, standing 25 minutes or longer in line, to interact with someone that is not aware of how to ship an item to a PO, given the country's current situation, leaves me entirely too frustrated to come back to this place.
uv3XzRc6rT6r_Xd-7aRIzA	Well it's a Starbucks.  A nicer one too, but you pretty much know what you're getting yourself into.  It's not a Philz in coffee quality but it's nice to get a bit of wifi if you don't have a Stanford account any more. :)  Incidentally, fraiche next door uses beans from Blue Bottle, but there's a lot of variance in quality.TAP and CoHo have a strong food odor when you hang around there, but Starbucks/Tressider is just better ventilated.  Big plus for long(er)-term coworking.3-stars, +1 for making the Tressider food court a (slightly) nicer area for visitors and alums.
rwUo0-Bh2ASxO4mNMWWadg	Came here on a Sunday afternoon visiting campus. It's so peaceful and quiet here. Service is prompt and the wild berry smoothie is delicious. Not sure how busy it gets on weekdays when students are around, but definitely nice to have a little cafe like this on campus.
Sdn9fm89tQE3nDQPTKxb7A	Curse you, Ray's! For some reason, every time I actually want to come here for a snack, it's closed, even when I rush to get there 10 minutes before closing. When I do come here, the food is mediocre and unsatisfying. I've tried their pad thai, which is bland and features some spongy tofu. The fries are good when you're trying to satisfy a salt craving because they feature a ridiculous amount of salt. My friend actually puts extra salt on her fries and never feels the urge here. The bacon avocado sandwich is an oil factory that pollutes the entire plate it comes on. It's impossible to finish and this coming from someone who didn't know it was possible to mess up avocado and bacon. The one relatively decent item I've had there is the chocolate cake, although as the review implies, "I've experienced better." The prices are definitely not worth the quality. I guess the only pros to this place is that it's open late, is close to my boyfriend's apartment, and features a couple events that I'll willingly be dragged to. The bf enjoys trivia night there and the one I went to was actually pretty fun. One night he took me here to get a bit of grub (I know, super romantic), and we ended up watching a pretty entertaining comedy show here. That said, given the food options, I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come to Ray's.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	Change lives.  Change organizations.  Change the world.It's their slogan - but it's so true and so meaningful.  The school really helps develop leaders to have a positive impact however they see fit - whether it's within themselves, their friends and family, their companies, other organizations, the community, or the world.  It's not just a business school.  Sure, they teach finance, marketing, accounting, etc.  But it's really about leadership and the nexus of personal and professional development.
ItJnvg072ORFoXTpmcKHaw	A little over priced for a half sandwich, chips and a drink... Sandwich ok... And the long lines (though I came when no one was there) are do in part bc of slow wait times for sandwiches and not being very organized
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	You got to hit off of mats. Plastic tees.No parking. Off the beaten path and expensive. That is why I am giving this only 2 stars. But is the only game in town so that is why it is always packed with duffers.You get to chip and putt though which is nice for practicing but you can practice on the Stanford golf course too. (A little secret)Better than Golfland though.
yVxVGS68r_IDNIFWTK0JTw	Delicious fro-yo!  It's nice to have a Fraiche on campus -- perfect for those mid-afternoon or late-night cravings.  The chocolate chunk cookies are delicious, especially when freshly baked.One time, I made the mistake of getting their steel-cut oats... it looked & tasted like it'd been sitting in the crock pot for a long time, I guess because it's not a very popular item.Other than their oatmeal, everything else has always tasted awesome - just like the location in downtown Palo Alto.
K1mas1AjV3K2Dao2N6hKiA	I came here on a Saturday and I was expecting a long line but that wasn't the case. I was the 5th person in line and got my sandwiches 10 minutes later. It felt like a hidden gem that only Stanford students know about. Just wondering how many people will go out of their way and enter a campus just for food.I ordered the Manage Trios and the wife ordered the Paul Rueben. We both had it on their famous dutch crunch,Manage Trios had really good flavors from the honey and bbq sauce but I was expecting the chicken to be whole breast instead of chopped.The Paul Rueben was also delicious. The pastrami was little dry and I am use to thin slices. The slaw is probably what makes this sandwich.The sandwiches are on the expensive side at 10 dollars but definitely worth it for something different.
sG4c4SRELgWQz29Khh60vA	What's wrong with the outdoor Coupa Cafe on Stanford campus. Where do I start? The other day I was there with friends and ordered a "Mediterranean salad." It showed up with feta cheese, black olives, capers, and .... candied walnuts!? This was maybe the worst combination of toppings I've ever encountered on a salad. Over the past year I've seen them screw up orders in every way you can imagine. Everyone makes a mistake once in a while, but this place is almost comical. About half of the time when I order my food "for here" it ends up in a to go box. If I comment on it, the guy who hands out the orders will point at the words "to go" on the receipt and shake his head like I'm the idiot. The kitchen will sometimes run out of supplies and begin omitting key ingredients from orders without any word to the customer. Once last year I ordered a tuna panini and it showed up with tuna that tasted and smelled as if it had been sitting out in the sun all afternoon. Yuck.I'll give them two stars because their coffee in generally excellent. But overall, I'd love to see Stanford give a different vendor a shot at this location. One Coupa on campus is enough.
zLWZ0i9fT4MQJtj3sPHfBQ	I like how much water is featured in this fountain. It really highlights the water's wetness, as well its properties as a liquid.This fountain is really fountainous.
t0T6400Fc7FO89kqLURBBQ	I'm going to give it 4 stars, for its hidden gem status.Hidden down a flight of stairs is this little thai joint. The line can seem daunting, but do not fear service is quick and the menu concise. The food is overall pretty good, but can be on the side of a little heat, but they also sell drinks!!!Make sure to check the specialsand remember...cash only!
35ZQsOqQ7v7yTvH5XoKfCg	I've tried Ike's in Redwood Shores before and loved it but hated the long wait times.  Was really excited to see the Stanford store open up as it's closer to work.  Just like the Redwood Shores location, the lines are long and expect to wait at least 15-30 minutes to order.  BUT, you get a really good sandwich, seriously good.  Haven't had a bad one yet.  I tried the #118 The Matt Cain this time and the best thing about it was the sauce with roast beef.  So yummy.If you haven't had an Ike's sandwich before, you should try it.  Just be prepared to wait.  Highly recommended.
PZfMR-gPgBCzPJao1TZewg	We recently held a family reunion and I decide to call when I realized I had done all the planning except for the drinks!  Yikes! They were extremely helpful over the phone when I explained my situation and what we were looking for.  We brainstormed together to come up with a reasonable package, and although I have a few special requests, such as champagne, some wine, and few special requests I received from the family for different types of beer,  and I let them decide the rest of the menu.  They kept in touch over the 2 weeks leading up to the reunion with what was going on and what they were doing to help make the event all that it could be.  I though that was a very nice addition to the services because I had so much going on in my head with hotel reservations for our out of town family members, decorating the back yard, chair and table rentals, oh my gosh pretty much everything!  When it came to the day of the event the group arrived early and even helped me set up the drink table with a beautiful purple and green (my favorite colors) table cloth to match the balloons and flowers I had decorated all over the back yard.I had some specific instructions such as not to give grand ma any whiskey, and not to let any of the kids under 21 drink and they helped follow through with my wishes!  Although my family can be a handful, they handled themselves very well!  I received many compliments on how polite they were to the guests.  I was surprised to see how late they stayed!  I had thought my sisters and I would be up all night cleaning but they stayed and helped get everything cleaned up.They truly went above and beyond and deserve more than 5 stars!  I was delighted with the results and the final bill!
AAG2F1V7Z0B4pQzy_6H4uw	Chris and Crew can make it happen for you.Great products.Super prices.Extremely knowledgeable.One of the three best bike shops in California.
yyRtjexqj9Mu1RvEcl3kPQ	i want to love this place, but the line sucks, the service sucks, they always  make my sandwich wrong. i am a sometimes vegan always vegetarian and i love their vegan sandwiches when they make them right. i just cant support a store with such bad service and that makes my sandwiches wrong 9 times out of 10.
d6ejamZ_Ajy_hfHcno7mww	ikes is off the hook. . . the stanford location isnt the greatest. . . and my favortie sandwich the "matt cain" has been altered to win a contest i believe,. . . . i have eaten at least 10 m,att cains over the past 6 months. . and never have they had mozzerella sticks or onion rings. . i feel this is just a ploy to make the sandwich larger so that they can win an ESPN contest. . . id like them to win. . but not at the cost of making what was an amazing sandwich, a totally different one. .. why not put up that rediculous sandwich the superman or whatever. . . change its name to another giants player and leave the original matt cain alone. . . just my opinion of course. . but it seems like a lame stretch ((((butttt. . .im still using my coupon )
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	It's located at the entrance to the track.  It has beautiful glass windows.The items are really overpriced.It's close to the bathroom.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	aka "The Thai Food Truck"Greasy cheap food for students on a budget. The pay system is "by weight", but the accuracy of the scale is debatable. You can walk away with a sizable meal for $4. The soda is also the cheapest you can find on campus: 50 cents for a can.A few items that always end up in my box: eggplant, pad thai, and green curry...Also the eggrolls are such a guilty pleasure trip. Sometimes I go just to get one to satisfy my crispy and fried food craving.
hEGTKNc5TknVreaLhrdt0g	I stopped in at about 6pm on a Thursday... 5 minutes in line, 5 minutes for sandwich. Not the common experience I take it. Sandwich was awesome! Can't remember the name but for once something actually lived up to the hype. Minus 1 star because A: super hard to find B: super expensive and C: really annoying environment. As I sat waiting for my sandwich I was forced to listen to several of Stanford's finest (all male) tell each other to "pull the tampon out your vagina"... Not cool. Staff however was super cool. This about sums up my issue with academia. Education can't cure Stupid.
_C1P2b5xYguJeAVNqasQFw	I called ahead.Me: Hi, how long would the wait be for one sandwich?Ike's: One sandwich? An hour and a half.WTF
002slNgnEtAvsNYFLw7rGA	uh, did I go to the right place?  After seeing that  this was the most highly-yelped venue in palo alto I had to check it out.  Cool Cafe is a museum restaurant.  Yelp reviewers promised much more, but what I got was a museum restaurant.  Went on a sunny sunday afternoon.  Place was empty, sterile.  Sandwiches were fine, a bit pricey (in my mind, nothing different from any other museum restaurant.  Certainly not a "brunch" place, and our sandwiches were just kind of organic-meh.  Not really inspired, but ok.  About as good as whole foods, and just as expensive.  Paid 10 bucks for a ham sandwichYou can't even SEE the Rodin sculptures from the patio, so all these reviews about looking at sculptures are just misleading, if not outright lying-- the sculpture garden is separated by a large wall from the grass area that the patio overlooks.Maybe its nice if you've never been to Stanford and Cantor before.  I don't think this place is BAD, its just a museum cafe, not a miracle
i-DWCn1Xk5-exHi0mBDO1g	The most beautiful college campus on the West Coast, architecturally and landscape-wise. I love how flat it is so you can ride a bike, and it's so serene and peaceful here. However, you know deep within the halls, new startups that will change the world are forming and cutting edge research that will save many lives is being performed. :)
1pSfJ4rVOfOKftAo801QSw	Awesome!!! Great service and just down right good frozen yogurt!!! I got the chocolate with blueberries and strawberries!! I'm def gonna come back here tomorrow and get my yogurt fix! Great job ladies!
BbQgCYDLITex8ZpYuhMMdg	Sandwiches were good, but the other reviews don't lie, you will probably be waiting a LONG time for your sandwich. We waited about 30 min to order and then another 20 to actually get our sandwiches...and the lines weren't even THAT long. None of the employees seemed to be concerned with moving quickly.I had the Vegan Sally Ride on sourdough (caution, the wheat bread contains honey, the cashier was nice enough to let me know). It was pretty tasty, but they were really cheap with the Tofurkey and they left off my soy cheese. It also had way too much shredded iceburg lettuce that ended up falling off everywhere and making a giant mess. The bread was excellent though. I feel like I should have gone with the vegan meatball sub or one of the ones with breaded 'chicken.'  I ordered the small size, and it was really filling.My husband the omnivore had the Luigi, with the meatballs and the jalapeno poppers. He thought it was pretty tasty. It was messy to eat, but I think all meatball subs are that way. It's kind of expensive to eat here, so I wouldn't do it all that often, but I'd like to go back and try some different orders. I thought it was nice that you have a choice between fruit and chips as a side for your sandwich (I like having the healthier option).
VonPeN8hLrtVBPatCBclLQ	From the view as a visitor this place is wonderful. I have visited many times and found it very enjoyable. Also, have been to a football game and a basketball game. The fans are very supportive of their team but they well behaved.This campus is huge and I have tried to walked through it all. I know that this is a private college and make sure that I don't go where I should go (building wise..even though I don't think that they are too strict here). The Union though I know is a place open to all. They have a nice convenience store there and a cafeteria.The trees are huge here and this campus seems to be cut out of the woods. You definitely want to come here when the weather is nice. There are free buses to take you around but it is much more enjoyable to walk. Also did I mention how clean this place is. Very relaxful as a visitor.The quad seems to attract a lot of tourists with their cameras. I am not sure that you want to do that. Why stand out? Just take it all in.
PjYaEnWRFB7uogiAeaXQQA	Quite a walk from the main quad, but they have great big yummy sandwiches, which makes it worth the walk every once in awhile to mix up my workday lunches :)
DWCNkgLPUeIkZCwfZ9JxWw	The sandwiches here are no joke. I recommend springing for the full instead of the half sandwich - your taste buds will thank you!I had a Spiffy Tiffy - who knew chicken could taste so good! I can't wait to go back.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Come for the cows! Each and every December, the folks here have been offering free stuffed Stanford cows, cute and cuddly, to those who plop down $100 in merchandise and marked-down books. It's a great marketing gimmick, to be sure, but it makes for something of a tradition around these parts. And whenever you can invent a tradition like this, you have a real winner. You don't need Eric Hobsbawm and Terence Ranger to tell you! The annual cow auction is SO much better than the idiotic and utterly cruel practice of impaling a hapless Oski on the Claw fountain nearby before the Stanford/Cal football game each fall. This year, the senseless student boosters even lynched some extra Oskis for good measure, a wantonly cruel (and historically offensive) act that led the pigskin gods to punish the Cardinal and bestow Berkeley with the gridiron victory. Stop killing stuffed animals, Stanford people! You are so not helping your karma. And the bloody Claw looks terrible, even after the "bearial" has faded into memory. Oski does not forget!
XeWIIUbGwxS6YKrbddBtFw	Stopped by Ike's again tonight and got my favorite sandwich at Ike's (or anywhere else for that matter), the "Do You Smell What Barack Is Cooking?"In a previous review, I mentioned that I thought their BBQ sauce was just killer, with the right mix of spices and tanginess in the flavor. I subsequently got another one of the BBQ sandwiches, though, and was relatively unimpressed by it, finding the BBQ sauce rather bland.When I ordered the "Do You Smell What Barack Is Cooking?" again tonight, I think I discovered what it is that actually makes this sandwich. It is, in part, the BBQ sauce, but more important than that, it's the combination of the BBQ sauce with the extra dirty sauce (garlic aioli) that the "Do You Smell What Barack Is Cooking?" comes with!This represents the perfect combination of flavors that complement one another. Their BBQ sauce is a somewhat sweet one, but when it's paired with the garlicky flavor of the dirty sauce, then it makes the sandwich really very good.Now that I know the "secret sauce" (pun intended), I'm tempted to go back to their other BBQ sandwiches and request them with extra dirty sauce.When they do it with the "Do You Smell What Barack Is Cooking," they certainly make it really, really damn good.I'll be back for this particular sandwich in the future!
-49fWJA2MU8ppRw8-rX6Sg	I hurt my foot and made an appointment at 11:20 because my class ended at 11:00. But moving from the oval to vaden took me over 45 minutes. I was late for the appointment, but they still squeezed me in. Vaden took an xray and had a doctor look over the results. I had every done in less than an hour, and got a free cane to use.
xLldDRZe1DCTY-05-OIauA	Okay, Stanford is a beautiful campus.  It's quiet.  Nice kids...a lot of dorks, smart athletes (well, smarter than the average athete).  Great facilities, weather, atmosphere, staff.Some areas smell soooooooo pretty...like jasmine and orange blossoms.It's pretty.  It's pretty expensive.  However, I'll send my kids to Stanford should I ever have any.  It's just lovely!!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Helpful staff, always friendly and welcoming.  They always give you great, honest advice to help you manage your money well.  Lines are always short.  Speedy service.
peLLkr2JhH8qUU4pq2wemg	Standford Sleep Disorder Clinic is a great place to get diagnosed and treated.  I had a wonderful experience--except getting hooked up to all the crazy equipment.  The staff is very professional, friendly, and caring.  Both the residents and the faculty staff are knowledgeable and want you to received the best care for your disorder.
1Idc35tGsgkB3G2ntig0LA	When I came out here to visit the school wayyyyy back in 1995, my sister tried to bring me here.  "Oh, you should try Thai Cafe!" she said.  Alas, it wasn't open when we were there, and I had to wait until school started to partake in its awesomeness.  I can proudly say that, unlike the fabulous California weather,  it was NOT a factor in my undergrad decision.So I started with the chicken dish with rice (chicken saute?), which was way too spicy for me (this was also back before I built up my tolerance to the heat).  I moved on to the barbecue chicken salad, which was to become my go-to dish.  As time went by, I was able to add more and more Sriracha...but I still get this salad whenever I make it down there.  And what everyone has said about the Thai Cafe Nazi is true - once, I brought people from out of town here, and so I was preoccupied with helping them order.  She got to me, and, seeing that I wasn't ready to order RIGHT AWAY, she said, "HELLO?"  Oh.Barbecue Chicken Salad please....she totally adds to the charm of this place.
sEtGnbtsLHTXTV3QoHZrUw	Good and messy, crispy bread (Dutch crunch) but soft insides; very tasty overall. Could probably do without some of the messy sauce but if that's what their known for, how can you?! Called in our order and it was ready on time. There was a constant stream of people/students in line ordering sandwiches. So glad to see a non-chain place doing so well! What a funny contrast of locations.....Castro in SF to Stanford campus!
uYwuHG1KG55JV_Vbyzu4Qw	I'm very conflicted. I go to Ike's at least 3 times a week, as I work right next door at the Palo Alto VA. I always order the same sandwich (#15 Jim Plummer, adding tomatoes, onions, cranberry sauce, and mushrooms) and it is always delicious. EXCEPT FOR THIS ONE TIME. I had noticed that they weren't cutting the rind off of the brie (which, as cheese-lovers will note, is edible but definitely not good eats) for any of the sandwiches I had been ordering, but whatever, I could live. Then, last week, THERE IS A GOOD AMOUNT OF GRAY MOLD ON THE RIND.Parts of it were still fuzzy, but some parts were partially liquefied (the sandwich is served hot). I was so grossed out I threw away more than half the sandwich, having already eaten almost an entire half before I noticed. I was pretty pissed off (with the add-ons, the sandwich costs a little over $11). ELEVEN DOLLARS. For a sandwich with mold. WTF. I called them immediately and was transferred to the manager by a very polite register worker. However the manager, although polite, told me some pretty ridiculous things: (1) "We don't cut off the rind because it takes too much time. It would add on wait time to a sandwich that already take some time to make". (2) - and this is the most effing ridiculous thing I've ever heard - "THE RIND IS EDIBLE, IT JUST DOESN'T TASTE THAT GOOD" ... WTF?! I couldn't believe this was the response I got. I mean, cooked bugs are edible but they don't taste that good. I pay $11 for a sandwich, at least 3 times a week, and I get told that I should eat the rind because it's edible, or I can pick it off myself because they don't have the time. I get that they're extremely busy, and that they're getting good business, but I've already read a couple of other reviews indicating they don't take customer service or customer retention very seriously. I still go by about once/twice a week because it's one of the better and closer lunch places around, but I was really annoyed by their response to unsanitory food conditions. Yeah, they gave me a free sandwich, but the manager also told me: "We'll give you your next sandwich for free, but we still won't be cutting the rind off the cheese. You can always subsitute another cheese in its place".WTF.
NnL6HUNY9ckb9mSbTGkjOg	Their seasonal mango froyo tasted amazing (not artificial at all) and was particularly refreshing on a hot day. Chocolate was okay. Both had a nice consistency. Excellent, friendly service too.
1fbqafPJJ-kxQgrJqt9wPQ	ok, I realized I like fage more than their greek yogurt, but I am a minority.  Their fresh yogurt is the creamiest I've tasted, but I prefer fage's due to its tartness--I like adding a lot of agave to mine to balance it out.  Their yogurt spice muffin is tasty too, but doesn't have that nice crust like normal muffins.
qpyRMq8MRvriezxCs7wSbg	Similar menu to the one on Ramona in a much smaller kitchen. It's really amazing all they can cook up in such a small working area. The seating is outside the restaurant area (in Y2E2 seating area, so it seems) and is very spacious. I can definitely see service becoming slow during busy hours simply because of its high demand. It should be noted that the prices at this location are actually a few bucks cheaper than the one on Ramona, which is nice for students. The hours are a little later too than the other restaurants nearby (I believe Bytes closes 2 hrs earlier) which is good for an early dinner if you're going to work late in lab. I think the main complaint about Coupa on campus is that the prices aren't sustainable for many students, especially graduate students. It's a very nice restaurant with very nice food, so this isn't really a complaint that can be resolved -- I would love to enjoy a $30 steak everyday but it's my fault if I can't do this everyday! This, however, is the reason for the 4-stars instead of 5. The location is on campus, so I would not expect to spend more than $8 for lunch. Perhaps they could offer some less expensive, more filling options...even if less tasty!If you do go there, I would recommend any of their pesto items, including the crepe and pasta. I've tried both of these, and they are amazing. In my opinion, puts Pasta?'s penne giannino to shame. Also, the pre-lemoned water is a nice touch =).
FIHv-S6cb76mLNWLKho88w	Best place to get coffee on campus! Not only does it taste better than the other places, but its half the price. The pastries are always fresh and their selection is vast. If you are craving something sweet, you can't go wrong with their blueberry muffin. If you are in the mood for something savory, order their tasty brown rice burrito and ask for hot sauce to complete the flavor harmonics in your mouth.
SIC4MlaNLlZ2e4DIh81UkQ	Got the Jim Rome (turkey, avocado, pesto sauce) - since I was a newbie, didn't know it came with "dirty sauce" so was kinda surprised by it but turned out to be delicious! Bread was really good and lots of veggies and meat. Guys tend to say the large is too small for them but I couldn't finish the whole thing and only ate a half. However, there was a lot of sauce in it so it kinda made a part of my bread slightly soggy, which I hate. The price is also a little steep for a student's budget. Will probably only go here if I have friends visiting and need to take them to a tasty place on campus!
wlPR1M-p7w0YtZwh5Ii-_g	I don't typically drink coffee, but my friends have dragged me to Coupa several times and I realized how amazing their mocha is. At one point I tried other options closer to my office and realized that they pale in comparison. Now, if I'm craving coffee (or know I'll be in the office late), I make the trek over to Coupa. I haven't had any experience with the food, but my friends are big fans of the baked goods.Yes, it is an odd location, but on a sunny day it is great to relax outside with a drink and some friends. But beware, during rush hour you may wait awhile for your drink (totally worth it!).
6F5isH8Dljj6WF0dTlt_9g	fresh ingredients and nicely prepared. On a sunny day, the atmosphere is relaxing and a great way to pass the time. Check out the Rodin sculptures nearby!
5ZxXCGvKBWfDZCKk-_FRNg	Came here once and left happy. Came here twice and left happy again. I don't think I will ever leave here unsatisfied. Had the Captain Corey and to be honest it is very good. Maybe because it is smothered with the special sauce and sweet orange glaze sauce, but the vegan chicken patty is good. Possibly too good to not be chicken! Not at all bland. Try it with OrangeCreme soda and you'll be in sandwich heaven. My friend had the We're Just Friends, the real chicken version of it and claimed it tasted scrumptious. The sandwiches here are sooooo good, I don't care it is unhealthy version of sandwiches. I can binge on these foreverrr.
3NMjtNYhmRLHA4Tz5WSabg	The only reason to ever go here is if you literally can't spare the 3 minutes to walk to the book store.  Prices here are 20% to 300% (not a typo) higher than elsewhere on campus, and the sandwich and salad options are mediocre at best.  Think: soggy croutons and bread, wilted lettuce, salad-dressing mismatches, and other similar horrors.
TbDOHRKSddMd8fdJqjKirQ	Absolutely love their sandwiches, not sure what it is but it's always delicious.The operations could use some improvement though.  I like that they have an iPhone app now (but you have to order at least 1.5 hour ahead I think) to cut down on the wait time.  Why not have everyone in line be able to order with their iPhone?  or have two cashiers instead of one even when the line is 1 hour long?  or have more people delivering sandwiches?I would come here a lot more often if it didn't take so long to get my food
aKAGlmoKsgnQ8Avh86-SOg	This place does decent burgers, good salads (I like the signature salad), and a do-it-yourself station for those of you feeling creative. The portion sizes are fairly large (I usually get sick of the salad before I can even finish eating it), and the prices are fair.
_U4_VdKOHUU0CgrbfsH3Jw	The Stanford University Golf Course was designed in 1929 by George Thomas and William Bell. Bell and Thomas built some of California's best tracks in the 1920's and 30's including PGA stops Torrey Pines and Riviera Country Club, the ultra-exclusive Los Angeles and Bel-Air Country Clubs and the delightful layout at the Ojai Valley Inn.Stanford's layout is natural and beautiful. The holes wander past majestic oaks and back around San Francisquito Creek. Elevated tee boxes provide an intimidating view on the first hole and amazing vistas of the Bay Area throughout much of the hilly back 9. On a clear day, you can see San Francisco and Oakland from 18 tee.Stanford is not long by modern standards (6727 from the tips), but it is challenging (70 par, 73.0 rating, 137 slope). The 3's and 5's are manageable in length, and there are several short par 4s (9, 11 and 15). However, the remaining 4's demand long tee shots at 483, 447, 429, 444, 473, 424 and 457 yards each, and the course is kept soft to defend against modern technology.The course in not open to the public but students, staff,  Alumni Association members all have access and can invite guests. I've played it a few hundred times and it is my favorite course in the Bay Area.  It doesn't have the ammenities associated with resort course, and pace of play can exceed 4:30 on weekend afternoons, but the test of golf is pure.
ekqlxLk9158fbfStOS6Qgw	I went here two days in a row in early April. My friend tried calling in the order numerous times, but they did not pick up! She even tried calling trying the SF location but they also did not pick up. THURSDAY: I came around 1:25 and there were about 3 people in line. It still took us about 5-10 minutes to get to the cashier.I ordered the "Going Home For Thanksgiving" only to find out they already ran out of cranberry sauce. They offered a strawberry preserve instead. I also asked if I could have the dirty sauce on the side, but they said that can't be done because it's baked into the bread. I wasn't sure so my friend ordered.She ordered a sandwich that had jalapeno poppers. She asked if they could be on the side, and they said no. My friend was able to get the jalapeno poppers on the side a long time ago at SF. Ike said that he's going to try to put side orders of jalapeno poppers and mozzarella sticks  on the menu in the future.I did end up getting the Going Home For Thanksgiving with strawberry preserve. It was interesting.. I mean still decent but I missed the cranberry sauce.My friend enjoyed her sandwich too!FRIDAY: I met up with my friend (a different one) here. It was her first time.I looked up the menu again to see if any other sandwiches would interest me but I think my heart was set on Going Home For Thanksgiving... again.We got to Ike's around 2:20. There was a line of 10 people and we waited 15 minutes to order. I ordered the Going Home For Thanksgiving again only to find out they ran out of cranberry sauce again!! I couldn't think of any other sandwiches so I just got it with the strawberry preserve.We waited another 20 minutes to get our sandwiches. By this time it was close to 3, my friend had a meeting at 3:15 on campus, so she honestly had to eat & run. I had to save my sandwich till I got home because my parking expired since I only put an hour in.Make more cranberry sauce please :( Here are some tips:You will have to pay for parking, it can be paid via credit card in the structures. Unless you come after 5, but I'm not sure if they will have all the ingredients then.Parking structure 1 - has visitor spots only on 1 side of the 1st floor. Don't go up if you don't have a permit.Parking structure 2 - more visitor spots than PS1 & closer to Ike's as well.They only have one menu that can be passed around, so know what you want before you get here.If possible call in! They have a cashier dedicated to them.I guess no matter what time of the day, there will be a wait since technically there are only 2 cashiers.
HdQ8mcCXNxUqsFgTfbPuzQ	Sigh.  Just thinking about this place and everything it has going for it makes me sigh.  Nestled away in a world-class metropolitan region.  Pristine campus.  (People say it looks like a giant taco bell.  I see nothing wrong with a giant taco bell.)  Perfect weather.  Fun, smart, laid-back people.  When I visited, I just knew that this was going to be the perfect setting for the best four years of my life.So if everything was so perfect (except for the quarter system, but I'd be willing to over look that), then why only one star?Bitter grapes, you say?OH YOU'D BETTER BELIEVE IT!!!!!!!!*sniff sniff*  This was the only school I really wanted to go to and the only one that I got rejected from.  So instead of spending four years as a happy Stanford student in the sunshine, being the yuppie that I've always dreamed of being by going to downtown Palo Alto and hanging out at trendy coffee shops, I froze my ass off at a middle of nowhere B-rate Ivy League school which sucked every ounce of pride and ambition out of me that I ever had.  And for what?  NOTHING!!!!!  Nobody in California takes Dartmouth seriously because it's not 'local,' so now I'm working for Starbucks!!!  AAARGH!!!  I have every right to be bitter, goddamnit!!!!  Screw you Stanford!!!:'-(
VNhT2geXgSE7QCgvyqRMDQ	Stanford is awesome.  I went to a UC for undergrad and am a grad student here now.  There are just so many more resources and they treat us grad students so well!  I love it here.  What more could you want, great athletics, great location, great academics, and best of all for Ph.D students they even pay you to come!   I am glad they are not broke like Cal. Guaranteed funding for Ph.D students for 5.5 years!
DV8r9FhLv6Ay5pSkvgainQ	Go to the Palo Alto location instead!!I really like Fraiche, particularly the really soft mochi. I also really like that this Stanford location is so convenient (stop by after classes). Unfortunately the service has been sub-par almost every time I've gone here.Other people have mentioned complaints about pricing, but I think it's reasonable for froyo (comparable to Pinkberry). Overall, just go to this one if you happen to be on campus. Otherwise just head over to the one close to University Ave.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	Convenient place to pick up a healthy lunch on campus. All the Subway menu items, at a higher price. Lines are pretty long during lunchtime but the workers are efficient.  If they did $5 footlongs I'd be there more often.
SH3lpbJbFpKlmE4osiZrpg	Sitting here watching the MLB All Star Game. Had a tasty chicken club sandwich. My son had a good burger. The fries were thin and crispy and the Sierra Nevada was cold and fresh. As someone else said, "What more can you ask for from a campus restaurant/bar?"
YIyGnPWNA7rb3hiIgFwb_A	Went here for one year to get a piece of paper that says I'm officially a Master.  The experience here was absolutely incredible.  The facilities were second to none (I made sure that I made use of the olympic swimming pool, professional tennis courts, world class driving range and golf course, great beach volleyball courts, and much more.You go here for the education, but if you don't make use of the facilities, SHAME ON YOU!!!  I got to take incredible classes and attend seminars from the leading professionals in the environmental field (alternative energy, materials), as well as attend "once in a lifetime" seminars including the Dalai Lama, and many others.If you have the chance to attend this university, do not sleep while you are there...you can sleep when you are dead.  There is too much to experience here (I haven't even talked about sports and the tiki garden) to let it slip by because you were too busy sleeping or studying.This University will change your life...if you will give yourself a chance to be changed.
-XF9C3V1cCxn19j-Rlbglw	Food truck? Check. Buffet? Check. Net Appetit combines two of my favorite things. Sign me up!The truck is parked next to Tresidder Union on the Stanford Campus on Santa Teresa street, and I biked by the truck many times before I finally decided to give it a try. Boy am I glad that I did. Inside the truck is a buffet setup, and you walk through the truck, filling your box with the Asian dishes that you choose. Outside of the truck, your box is placed on a scale and you pay based on the weight. I love the BBQ chicken, the bulgogi beef, the egg rolls, and the orange chicken. Oh and I forgot to mention - the food is really cheap, and this ravenous Yelper always managed to eat his full for less than $5. Cheap? Check.
5-f3yj_Mp7SzpMXoqnyyzQ	Great sandwich joint. It's a bit of a hike, but well worth the effort of getting here. Big menu with something for everyone. The sandwiches are definitely big enough to share, but you may want to be greedy after you have the first bite!!
uDWenVY6zZ9i9BoL5bLgnQ	Great food, great drinks, and great service.  Slightly pricey for a college student's budget, but nonetheless, it's a great place to hangout and study.Try the chai lattes; they're really, really good.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Convenience makes this place slightly better than 3....but the high prices and the relatively small set of products they have on offer makes it difficult to be the place I go to regularly.Pluses:- it's a 5 to 7 minute walk from my new office- it's got fresh fruit, dairy, sundries, snack foods- it's adorable and across the way from the Russo Cafe, which has delicious lunch offerings, different than typical on campus eateriesThe staff is helpful.  It must be super convenient for the residents of Munger, but if I have an extra 7-10 minutes, I'll go the opposite way and walk to the Trader Joes for a very wide variety of options.  If I ride my bike, it takes even less time.
3hUGSa6fxgb6FY72sxXf3w	Latin-style service times at American prices.  Food offerings are the same as at other Coupa locations, but somehow it takes the staff three times as long to make a latte (honestly, it takes so long they should probably just stop serving lattes and stick to Nescafe drip)
56Vd6f-R6ibUCxsV2sDc1A	Delicious!  I go here once a week for my yogurt fix.  The soy yogurt is the best one.  I usually get half soy and half natural with mango and mochi.   You can get any combination of flavors at no extra cost; I've had natural, pomegranate, and chocolate all in one cup before.  The pomegranate is too sweet for me, and I'm not a big chocolate fan, so I usually don't get those.  Usually the mochi is good, but sometimes it's dry if you buy it at the end of the night.  They'll top your yogurt off with honey, and I usually get the wildflower honey because it's not too sweet, but make sure you tell them not to put too much on because they tend to otherwise.
SV7lWlHg_qrOu1hkM3JYzA	Just started this horrible cancer journey and very glad to have access to Stanford.  So far Dr. Dribis and his staff have been great.  All my tests have been set up quickly.  The facility is beautiful & everyone is so kind.
XU-UJBfgpGVR0ycVeQGtQA	Bland, overpriced food. This place looks fancy but the food has no taste. Their only saving grace is that they are open until 7 in case you want to grab a quick dinner. Better off at Ike's, the Thai Cafe, or Lutticken's in CCSR.
wUu-Catto1CO4Z_JGJ0NYw	Two level - giant bookstore in the middle of campus.  It was a madhouse with families and parents during graduation though!  The lines were super long.  They do carry all of the Stanford paraphanalia....  but we did not want to stand in line, so we got what we needed across the way at the foodcourt, which had a small version sports shop and the prices were just as good and we were equally as happy!
HyXK2GNR9i4SWpLQGOqQYQ	Went to a wedding at the Memorial Church on campus and was starving so i was taken to CoHo, the little coffee shop behind the row of fast food food court area. As I was passing by the food court, i was very close to just saying that i was too hungry and that i'll just get something small at the panda express - thankfully i did not because the panini at coho was delicious! unfortunately, their website hasnt been updated with their latest menu, but i got one that had pastrami, pepper jack cheese, and caramelized onion. It was so good i couldnt didnt swallow before i took another bite. i just wanted the taste in my mouth. The pastrami they used was fatty, kinda like bacon and made it extremely more flavourful.I was, on the other hand, less impressed with the coffee. I asked for the cafe au lait with a shot of vanilla syrup and they gave me hot milk with syrup in there and told me to go to the coffee dispenser to fill the rest. The coffee wasnt good at all and i barely drank half of it.Overall, i still giver it four stars. The panini was THAT good.
esaDbON8NXJC4PWt_CheUg	I'm honored Stanford's business school interviewed me to work in their admissions department. The people I met via the 2 rounds of interviews seemed hard working and of course, smart. Though I did not get the job even with an alum writing me an email recommendation, I still feel positive towards this school. They have this amazing program of loan forgiveness if you gain admittance into their MBA program and then go onto work for a non-profit that helps the world. Stanford University undergrad has also prepared my friend to gain admittance to Harvard law school. On a lighter note, another friend who attended Stanford University undergrad also told me about some cute tradition whereby the undergraduate freshman girls get to kiss upperclassmen freshman guys. It occurs in the moonlight on one of the quads. I always wondered why Stanford was not included in the Ivy Leagues because it is so well respected. Linda Darling Hammond teaches here, I've read her work on school reform, and she is a brilliant academic in the education school.Although I didn't get into Stanford's educational doctoral program in organization studies, they still considered me a competitive candidate for their master's program and bumped me down a level for review in their education and public policy program. Again I did not gain admittance, even with all "A's" from my Ivy League master's degree, but I don't mind. I still may want to try again someday for doctoral admittance. Now I think Stanford completely loses a star due to a questionable admissions choice into their MBA program of someone I used to be affiliated with. Circa 2006, Stanford University somehow decided then to let in a 25-year old Caucasian male into their MBA program, even though he was legally fired from Pepsi Co. for sexual harrassment and only attained a 3.0 GPA undergrad from Northwestern University engineering. Surely there are more talented, thoughtful, and actually law abiding candidates more deserving of a spot! Stanford University gets so many applicants that they probably do not have time to perform background checks. Did the Stanford U. applications committee get wooed by this otherwise questionable applicant because of unique surface details, like he was a Division I male college cheerleader? So ridiculous.
ybkYMP-SjJB8Sn-bnbYluQ	If you're facing the School of Education building, walk around to the left side. About midway, you'll see an outdoor patio - step into it and take the stairs down to the basement - that's where you'll find Cubberley Cafe. For a small basement cafe, they stock a good variety of things to eat and drink. If you arrive in the lunch hours, you can get a custom made sammie or other hot meal of the day. There are lots of refrigerated cases with drinks galore and healthier items like yogurt and cheese. Got a sweet tooth? There are tons of pastries and cookies on the counter.There's a small seating area with a microwave adjacent to the cafe. On good weather days, sit in the lovely patio outside instead.
W8f2_B1NDXi7c9sXHi4r4A	I love this place. Some of my best memories from college are here... sipping uber good hot chocolate and talking grand plans with a friend, discussing a research topic with a professor.As a Stanford tour guide back in the days, I always referred people to come here for lunch. The fresh and organic meals, lighting of the space (which faces the Rodin Sculpture Garden), fast and friendly staff, and overall intellectual and artistic ambiance strike this establishment as unique and _wonderful_. The hot chocolate is one of the best I've had on the West Coast. Lunch-wise, the half sandwich and soup is my fav (pic: http://www.flickr.com/photos/minliu/1566789768/). Eat in and enjoy the meal with a good friend. It made many of my days :)
0sZ1BLZEocy6fl5Gyfs5hQ	I am the type of eater who is OK with price as long as the food portion is reasonable. Just to throw it out there, CoHo does have great food. I enjoy the lunch combo, which comes with choice of sandwiches/wrap and fresh salad, for ~$8. I also have tried salmon risotto, which is really yummy and I highly recommend it. My main gripe about this place is that the food portion is on the small scale for me. I guess as a tall guy who works out I tend to eat more than usual but most places can satisfy my appetite, except for CoHo. Considering I pay almost $10 for my salmon risotto, I can literally finish the whole thing in one bite. Therefore, I only visit here on a not-so-hungry day.
USdWbCN1iovQFy1AQp2TRw	I finally gave up w/ them after going to 2 more appts. My last appt was in September. i was already very sick w/ sleep issues and other health issues and it was consuming way too much time to deal w/ them.Like "SI" says if youre symptoms are cookie cutter, then you get what you need, you're fine. But for those of us who aren't.....they dont' have the time nor resources to investigate and probe. I've written severeal e-mails in which the trainees replied. They kept insisting that I keep giving the machine a try and insisted that i "wasn't trying hard enough". I was infuriated and appalled. I began to attend AWAKE meeting at 2 hospitals . I forced myself to be on the machine for weeks but i wasn't getting any rest, and when i mean "none" , ZERO.I ended up being stuck w/ the machine and paid $1k and having no use for it whatsoever. After months of going to a pulmonologist and allergist at Stanford (what a big mistake), I found a diff sleep MD. He *listened* to my med. history and my symptoms, advised and allowed me to try a bi-level titration study. Although i wasn't quite happy to spend *more* money on another overnight we did that. After the results came in, I went to see him to discuss my issues. He later found that the machine wasn't the solution to my sleep issues and that they may be caused by other underlying health issues, which i'll explore....
qOz2eZVj98hQPHXDK85biA	Oh, Coupa -- now that we are parted, I dearly miss your spicy mochas (the perfect amount of spice heat, deep espresso flavor, and rich chocolate), your arepas (with unseemly amounts of goat cheese, so good), and mustard-vinaigrette dressed salads.  So many good memories here!
LCiZaVSZwWhnr14D0XbDUQ	Good coffee, good pastries, good location. I'm a fan. Kinda wish they took Cardinal dollars though...
g94lYUt_-OVpVTPumC8g9A	I have a tendency to forget about the price of food as long as the taste makes up for it, but up to 12 dollars for a sandwich?! This better be a damn good tasting sandwich, not to mention the journey it took to get hereWe arrived on the Stanford campus at 1:30pm and located the Huang Engineering Building. Since we were unfamiliar with the campus, we were unsure of parking. The parking structure we found had 2 rows of visitor parking. At the time, there was a career fair that was going on, so there was a line, but it took less than 5 minutes for them to take our order. The wait really occurs after you put in your order, but even then, we didn't experience the wait that some people mentioned. It took about 10 minutes for us to get our sandwiches. They don't have much of your main stream beverages and I don't think they have a full menu of sandwiches, but there is still PLENTY to choose from. Definitely would go back to fulfill my heffering needs :)
RxaqMFylRmftGzihOQTmfg	There are some aspects of Jimmy V's that are pretty epic. Their grilled cheese sandwiches, their breakfast burritos (!) aand the cookies are amazing. Word of caution: while their smoothies are incredible, I'd think twice about ordering one if Jimmy is making them. He handles money, then takes his hands and scoops up the fruit for the smoothies WITHOUT washing his hands. He ruined the Cardinal smoothie for me forever.
VZUHcHoSYtn8mKq31hAM-g	New Arbuckle is 100 times better than the old Arbuckle, which used to feel like an airport eatery. However, the prices are a bit higher for certain foods. A lot of different options for food, the lines are pretty quick and they do have local produce/local foods. I favor the soups which change daily. Sometimes i feel the prices are $1 to a $1.50 a bit high, but quality is good.
NQysyhps0a7MTytWCJiS3g	I first tried Jamba Juice here, so this location will always hold a special place in my memories.  Smoothies are delicious, and somehow taste better when you're not stuck with cleaning the blender.  They've always been willing to split a regular size smoothie into two small cups (the better to share), and I still prefer that to getting a small size for one (which is still a little too big for me).  I'm still not sure who gets the "power boosts" - I tried one once (under pressure; they always offer you a free one) and it added a weird flavor to my drink, so never again.
fnBKAsc0bP_HZaFC7AOBIA	I'm giving a 5 since this is as good as it gets for good and cheap food on campus that isn't dorm food.  I'd almost say that eating here is one of the things you must simply do before leaving Stanford haha - Anyway, just be sure to have your money out of your pocket and you know what you want to get before you get in line.  The lady at the register is like a soup nazi, make your order quick and pay quick - but that also tells you how good the food is too (it's good).
FnAcPyXqa9LjKawfdUvAVQ	Great on campus lunch option.
_cY0TCrI_AivSCtxHySzxA	5 stars for the friendly service, efficient response time, owner's flexibility with pick-up/drop-off, and great price.3 stars for a somewhat limited fleet of bikes that could use some work (one of the bikes that I tried had a broken brake; another made a weird noise).  Mostly gently-worn mountain bikes that come with non-Kryptonite locks.  The bike I ended up picking (third try's a charm) was in good condition and I had no issues with it.Bottom line: affordable and friendly service well worth checking out if you need a bike for some errands or trail riding!
577C7HWJy8dnxWNVGVwYbQ	The Thai Cafe is a true Stanford staple.  Many a time have I seen people intimidated by the crazy long line and go somewhere else, only to show up with their food when I'm already done eating and basking in the afterglow of curry or saute.  I think the saute is single-handedly responsible for me having a tolerance for spicyness.Also, the Curry Nazi can come off a little rough to keep the line moving, but she is actually a very nice lady.  Twice I forgot my wallet, but did not realize this until I ordered, and both times she told me to not worry about it and pay her next time, because she knew I ate there regularly.  This happened once pre and once post boob job (2004 ish), so I'm glad to see those things didn't change her, aside from making her significantly more top-heavy.
NM-B21z7EnPXIWsHDM7kbg	MEGA BIG sandwiches that are MEGA TASTY. Pick from the meat OR the veggie menu -- you really won't go wrong.The wait is quite a bit longer than your typical sandwich shop, but if you're just hanging out on campus, it's not a big deal. Bring some work with you and/or bring some friends, and snack on the chips or fruit that comes with every sandwich.Don't live on campus? There's a parking structure near the Engineering Center which has free visitors parking after 4pm on weekdays  ...So if you're like me, you only get Ike's for dinner ;-)P.S. I've tried the Kryptonite (a variety of meats, plus onion rings, stuffed jalepenos, etc.). I kept it in a tupperware and it fed me for nearly 3 days. For all three meals.  No regrets.
js--iAkMV68RC-eQmKD7fw	How about answering the $%#@ phone!  What is the purpose of the call in number if you guys do not answer it?  Seems to me, and I don't even attend the GSB, that you could sell more sandwiches if you answered the phone.
zCnflGhemlwd3sGZ8TrF7g	This guy Carlos really knows his stuff! My bf recently threw me a surprise birthday party; and knowing I am into classic cocktails he decided to hire a bartender for my party. Well, he made a very good choice. Carlos was very knowledgeable in mixology and how to perfectly mix deliciously balanced and tasty drinks. He was also very friendly and everyone seemed to enjoy his presence. It was really cool how he knew and recommended variations I wasn't always aware of on several different classic cocktails I enjoy. He also did a lot of cleanup which was nice but unexpected.I would definitely want to hire him again.
9_6vv_6KTrZI1ZpVdNS0hg	Unfortunately my experience with the Stanford Sleep Disorder Clinic was not a good one. I've had experience with other similar testing centers/departments in both New York City (Cornell Med) and San Francisco (UCSF). In comparison, and I say this with great concern, the process I experienced was amazingly disorganized at Stanford, scheduling errors, document delivery errors and even information regarding directions for my initial visit were incorrect. It was all so unexpected and disappointing. As a reference, Cornell med in NYC was amazing in its approach. Staff to physicians went great distance to provide proper health care. For example, house calls, followup phone calls, keeping my primary in the loop via email and tele were the base standard. In San Francisco I went to UCSF. They provided me good care. True the head of the department is a little more then mildly arrogant. Still, I have learned that while in SF I should lower my expectations on non-elective medical services. To that extent, you'll get test results at UCSF...lots of them. As for the final diagnosis, always, always get a second opinion from some big city doctor who sees a 1/2 million cases like you a year. It is the safest thing to do. I hope others have better experiences at Stanford.
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Greasy & expensive.  Staff can be rude sometimes.  I recommend trying this place when there are guest sushi chefs.
7q5BCkFFcSzIQIbGnP7arQ	Typical campus eatery. Fries, burgers etc.. The service is slow, and it takes them a while (up to 20 minutes at the least) to get anything out, so, don't go there if you're in a hurry. Also, the University often uses a party-hall kind of room right next to Ray's every weekend for parties and the like, so, expect small babies and what not to invade Ray's while looking for the bathroom. If the weather permits, you could sit outside, but there are only 4 outdoor tables, so, you're lucky if you get a table. Overall, this place is passable, but because it is on the Stanford campus, it has a nice captive market of hungry students!
NAZBH_z65b3336FlxRjDZw	Stanford. The campus is amazing. The surrounding area -- not so much.I was close to coming here for graduate school, but ended up choosing another school in the midwest instead; hopefully this decision doesn't bite me in the ass as I experience my first non-California winter soon!
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	Sitting here listening to Stanford football on KZSU is so depressing. Stanford doesn't even provide or support direct feeds to its own station any more. How crazy is that? What a joke.Has any major college fallen as far and as fast as Stanford football has? No one goes to the games anymore for a variety of reasons. I was getting calls all day long to go but I said no to them all. Just not interested any more.  The only way I can keep listening is to try and review the situation while the game is going on or else I would shut it off and open a book.We used to circle the dates months in advance and plan, plan, plan for the fun to begin. Football was always a big time out for our family. BUT NOW ...No one tailgates. No one camps out like they used to. They took away all of the prime spots and gave them to the high mucky mucks who never use them. It's a total crime.I remember just 6 or 7 years ago when I had my company next to Stanford, parking my mint 26 foot Airstream trailer right outside the student gate the night before the game, pulling out all of the tables, food, drink, chairs and extra goodies out and having all the family and friends come for a big time barbecue/food-fest. It was great. The girls and kids wanted to be inside the trailer and play/gossip/gab/play Monopoly and the guys wanted to be outside to play/gossip/gab/play catch football.Alas, it's all gone away. The excitement is dead because the team is so bad. The buzz is no more. It's all history. You might not believe this but once, not so long ago when I was at CAL in 1997-8, Stanford was the king of the Bay Area and CAL was the dreg. Look at how things have changed. You can't find or buy CAL tickets anymore, they are the hottest ducats around these days. Is it the increased entrance requirements? YES. Now almost no one can get admitted so the players are all second rank players. And those players are so depth-thin that if someone gets hurt you are looking at having to fill in with players that might not even make other PAC 10 teams. That's a rough statement but true.Is it the coaching staff? YES. No good coach wants to put up with not being able to get the players they need. So Stanford has to get second-rate rookies or on the downslope retreads to lead the team.Is it the administration? YES. They sucked all of the life out of the place with the new stadium and the PSL'd increased ticket prices. It was only 1/3 full before with cheap tickets. Now what is it? 1/4 full. YEA, great homefield advantage when the away team has more fans than the home team. The arrogant Stanford administration has reaped what they have sowed. Is it the students? YES. No student excitement at all and can you blame them? School doesn't start until end of September/beginning of October and by that time the team is 1 and 3, 0 and 4. YAWN!Is it the alumni? YES. The ones that come come and leave early because it's so boring to watch a game now. Can't blame them for that.Is it the game times? YES. Who wants to waste all day standing around waiting for a 6:00 start time. You get burned out doing that. Play at 2:00 and get it done by 5:00. The kids can't take it and want to go home. The drunks get drunk and want to go sleep and the students want to study or go to the downtown bars, not watch their team get beat 24 to 6 at 10:00 at night.I'll pay top dollar for Notre Dame and USC, then fly my USC buddy up from San Diego and take him to the game but it won't be to see Stanford, it will be to see USC. Never thought I would say that. Maybe if I still lived in Palo Alto/Stanford I would go to a game or two but I doubt it. They have lost me, a one time big supporter.Anyway, that's my rant. Wish it was different but soon the coach will get tired of admissions saying "DENIED" and move on. Then the cycle will start all over again and eventually you'll have to give tickets away to get people to sign up. Oh, sorry they have already had to do that.
A-5D1nwCfDpoI5WvJ2Jh7A	There are a lot of great things on the menu at this place and you can get lunch for under $7--maybe that's considered overpriced for some people, but it works great for me!  I'd put it up there with the Treehouse as the best places to eat on campus.  The specials and turkey club croissant are very good..
9hXN71rkjjtHQ4rR1jQV8A	For the next couple of weeks, I am in need of a car service (like a taxi on call). As it turns out, this is terribly hard to come by in this area. I need the occasional ride and Zip Car isn't near enough to where live. Although their website states that they offer a car service, I will NOT be using Stanford Taxi Service. And, they've now accused me of corporate espionage for wanting to get a quote or a basis for comparison.Here's why (actual conversation):ME: I can't get any quotes on their website. I should call... [Phone: Ring, ring]Stanford Taxi Service (STS): [answer phone, noise of chewing, faint noise of woman talking in the background and rustling sounds]ME: Hello? Is someone there? Hello?STS: [faint yelling then long pause] Hi, what do you want?ME: Um, hello? Is this Stanford Taxi Service?STS: Yes.ME: Ok, well I'm in need of a car service for the next couple of weeks. There will be 2-3 x week that I need rides to different places, I most often go to Sunnyvale, Mountain View, Palo Alto or up to San Francisco. There isn't anything on the website for quotes. I was hoping to get a quote and put a car service on contract. STS: Where do you need to go? ME: It will vary, but I will need a car service for the next 3 weeks to get around and I wanted to have a known entity to call. Are prices based on time or mile? I was hoping to get a quote so I could make a decision.STS: Is this a company? Who are you calling? All of that is based upon distance and time. ME: I'm sorry, what? This is Stanford Taxi Service, right? Is there something that I can submit to get a quote?STS: Yes, but you can get all that from our website.ME: No...actually you can't...there wasn't any quote information and I wanted to get a quote to make a decision to have one particular company to use. STS: Are you a company? Are you another taxi company?ME: No, I will just need a few rides and was hoping to secure a company in advance. I have a large amount afforded for this...but, I think I got just got all the information I needed.
ehdrFZwh1XRxzqR-6Kbg9A	I really like what they are trying to do here at Stanford Lively Arts.  Great selection of performers, and I just saw CHARLES MINGUS BIG BAND there the other day and that was the best!The auditorium is on campus.  Parking is hard to find, and the entrance to the auditorium is quite a small space for people who want to wait indoors.  It was like herds of folks indoors waiting for the doors to open, so wait outside in the breeze and give your inner claustrophobe a break If s/he is in there.The seating was cool- from everywhere are good views of the stage.  I am sure that this happens a lot, but there was Q and A after the show with some band members.  I thought that was a good idea.Good sound, good times, great big band-  I am feeling lucky I got to see them here!  I will be on the lookout more often for events here.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Came here for lunch today.   In addition to the pre-packaged sandwiches, there are daily specials and a few dishes that are always available, including gyros and a falafel plate.  I had the falafel plate ($6.50) and my fiance had the beef & lamb gyro ($6.50).  Except for the different meat and the fact that his had some yogurt slopped on it, they had the same ingredients - pita bread, tahini sauce, huge salad (covered in chopped tomatoes).   The food was ok, but not particularly great.   The falafal balls were tough and way too chewy and everything was just a little flavorless.  The meat in the gyros looked like fake overprocessed meat - the 'beef' and 'lamb' were completely indistinguishable.    They also had salmon filets that looked really bad.   I didn't think the prices are that bad, but the portions of everything except salad is on the small side.The food was really more 2-2.5 stars but I rounded up because they are one of the most unique food options on a campus where everything is burgers & sandwiches.   They take credit cards too, which is nice, and the food came out very promptly.   I would normally prefer to go to most of the other eateries on campus, but once in awhile this is ok just for some variety.
-j9ju5Nv3Ya7PDkGPWBCug	Two words: Not Impressed!I can't say that I have ever enjoyed a dining experience with Ike's.  No matter if we queue to place an order or call ahead, the orders have never been ready and take ages to complete.  They have gotten my 'no onions' request wrong on several occasions and the service is just awful. I've been ignored AT the register, while waiting for the server to finish mucking about with his coworkers or have to wait for them to finish chatting up the girl ahead of me. As for the sarnies, talk about sodium overload. I can't remember a time I've had a sandwich here and not had a massive headache afterward.  The dutch crunch rolls are nice, but it's just bread and not worth all the hype.  My favourite line is "we're a gourmet sandwich shop, not Subway", to explain the exorbitant cost for what in the end is simply a meidocre sandwich that uses all the same ingredients that Subway uses (for a lot more)!
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	What you would expect from the world's leading athletic department: Lots of ellipticals, treadmills, precor stairmasters.  Two rowing machines.  Dumbbells up to ~110 or so.  8 squat racks.  Lots of machines.  It's the cleanest gym I've ever been to.  But just remember that students don't work, so the busy hours aren't work-based but laziness-based.  So if you can, get in before the late afternoon (the crunch starts around 4).
JvRC2InlYud__2xV6zl6gg	Bookstore located in the heart of the campus.  They have large selection of nerdy/academic books (after all, college bookstore) that is probably not as mainstream as in B&N.  Coffee shop inside.  Several places to lounge throughout.Outside, you can leisurely read your book nearby or walk over to the nearby student union for coffee or Jamba.As for apparel, I was looking for caps for kiddie and myself so they carried it there...at the student union Tressider as mentioned by another reader, you can get stuff there but I think it's geared toward adult bodies and mainly are clothing.Official college gear is pricey, but they offer an alumni member discount--good enough to cover the tax.
73DZUFYAXuycbJ_eEAox1Q	Stanford University is a shutterfly's dream come true. Nearly everything about the 8,000 acre+ campus is photogenic, situated beneath the coniferous green and strawflower gold Santa Cruz skyline to the West and the reddish-brown Bay Hills to the East. It's a massive conglomeration of impressive stone and glass buildings, sinuous palm trees, and concentrated brainpower. The grounds are so spread out that they encourage students and staff to make heavy use of bicycles, Segways, mini-electric cars, roller blades, land windsurfing boards (kidding, but that would be cool), and other sundry means of wheeled conveyance. It's almost like Amsterdam sometimes, I swear! Also the campus draws in tourists, wedding photographers, stroller-wielding parents, fountain-splashing children, visiting heads of state, and miscellaneous sorts of random university groupies, adding to the melting-pot mixture of people and languages spoken. It's quite the cultural kaleidoscope, most days.Individual components of this place are best Yelped as separate, stand-alone reviews, but in terms of picture-taking and sight-seeing, these are some of the iconic images and places to see (and be seen) on campus:The entrance to Palm Drive reveals views of Serra Mall, home to the humanities, and the Memorial Church. It's the image most people associate with Stanford, alongside the Hoover Tower: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=rSrpO9643HcChFEbDVBUGQBehind it all are the hills with the Stanford Dish, a huge radio telescope, and the Santa Cruz Mountains, with Borrel Hill and Windy Hill being the most prominent exposed peaks (you can hike to their summits for great views of the area, too): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=5OhnmHlOkxylJm3feb5q8QThe Hoover Tower practically begs to be photographed, and often is during the harsh UV light of day. But it's also lovely at night, in the early morning, or illuminated by the ghostly glow of a full moon: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=VjutLYBfWPxkPyfCjkfrVwFraming your shot to get both Serra Mall and the Tower is a nice way to practice your photography skills: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=Gi18Y3qkQoMhoUL9I4VKUgIf you walk a bit, you discover neat things just off the beaten/biked path, like the Stanford family crypt, housing the bodies of Jane, Leland, and Leland Jr. The Egyptian motifs are beautiful, and like much of the sculpture on campus, it is composed of Italian granite or marble: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=S8sip-YD_gglA8Tltw2r_wThe Stanford Clock Tower, near the roundabout that is facetiously referred to as the "Intersection of Death," is also quite pretty, but plays second fiddle to the Hoover. Too bad. It's very cool: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=i1pttepQf-abFgXC4u2GRgIf you look more, you'll find all sorts of hidden gems, like these tables with red & white flowers (Stanford's colors) near the student and housing offices of Tressider Union: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tFWMrI-UXDFkOErvzyrtrQ?select=dcSLHjWSjUml8EORSWFU3AThis is just a taste of what you can find. If you like to take pictures, and you like to post them on Yelp, there is no better place than here. Come see for yourself and bring your camera. Lots (and I do mean LOTS) of people do!
eK_KHtMiHKbgTfn5FSNN7g	Beautiful campus worth a scenic visit: Hoover Tower with entire campus view from the 'foothills to the bay' - you can see the farm in its entirety, the Dish is a great place to hike and not a stressful too with paved roads, take pictures of the oval, the quad - all the red-roofed Mediterranean/Spanish style architecture.Want to visit like a native pro? Visit the Memorial Church enjoying its golden mosaic while listening to the organist play (check schedule), visit the Hoover Tower when the bell tower rings, visit the campus during its student run Hawaiian festival, and of course, drop by the admission's office for a quick campus tour. Each day, we get 2-3 buses of tourists from all over the world just to see the beautiful campus. A real real pro books half a year ahead to visit some of the famous architect's houses on campus! If you are interested in fine dining, you are out of luck. Keep yourself marginally fed with Fraiche frozen yogurt, made fresh on campus, Coupa Cafe's columbian coffee, and then head straight to the University Ave for some hand spun pizza from La Strada or Cajun food from Nola (the bar as well).Hotels are always packed by students, parents and Silicon Valley business folks. Book way ahead of time. Book Starwoods, book four seasons,  book Stanford avenue locations, don't venture too far from campus because East Palo Alto doesn't have the best reputation when it comes to safety. Stanford guest house is also available but it is a bit off campus, requires a shuttle to get back on (free).
0gwPT6J_pJg8exjm8C8B5A	The ham and cheese croissant is cheap ($2) and excellent. Once they let me pay them back later when I forgot my money. Great place!
yRtajw-lGYoOXdOdfwV9hQ	This goes against how I was raised.If we're trekking to a day of museum hopping (think Planetarium, MSI and Shedd Aquarium), the last thing on your mind is budget priced gourmet food.If you're midwestern, you're thinking sack lunch.  If you're on a field trip, I was thinking of taking Kevin Muck's sandwiches too (he was a bully that would take the nerdy kids food).Eating with the California sun on your shoulders during a noon outing 5 minutes from University Ave is a *treat*Decor- 9Service - 9Amenities - 9Ambiance - 10
vkF5XsVgrnK_II0uM-ueSw	I wish I had gone to Stanford.  But not for school... who cares about academics when there's a delicious sandwich shop right on campus?  Just kidding... dang, I hate being Asian...Anyway, regardless of your academic record, go to Ike's... they don't judge based on your GPA, SAT, ACT... whatever.  All they care about is your name and your sandwich.  And when I mean your sandwich, it could quite literally be your sandwich.  They have unique names for their sandwiches such as the "We're JUST Friends," "Fat Bastard," and even the names of players from that baseball team around there.. I forget who they are.The names are just the beginning.  As with any good sandwich, you've gotta have the right bread.  When you bite a sandwich and you get that Cruuncchhhhhh sound, you've know you got a winner.  Some of their best are the Dutch Crunch and SF Sourdough.  Then you get to the combinations of meats, veggies, and sauces.  The "We're JUST Friends" came with a halal chicken, avocado, and orange glaze sauce.  Pepper jack cheese added a kick to the sweet and savory combination.  And top it all off with a free caramel apple pop!I think I just drooled on myself a little bit.  I want more...
xVndjy6wsAxGlOxPjBbZxw	The burritos here are delicious!! I always get the whole wheat wrap with spicy pork, rice, beans, and the works. It always turns out to be a gigantic burrito...I try to save half of it but it is too much temptation and I usually end up eating the whole thing and then lapse into a food coma at work....
LNlJEpd0l3zkpbq2El7ljw	Haikus for US Post Office (Stanford University)....Ed SegoviaA manager at this officeHas been a great help!Our old P.O. BoxGot reassigned by mistakeSome 2 years ago!Edgar patientlyHeard my pleas to get it backWorking through channels!This past SeptemberOur box was reinstatedWhat a great relief!We are still workingWith Edgar to retreive ourUnforwarded mail!It's not been easyBut Edgar is a real proThankful for his help!One day soon, I thinkWe'll have it all sorted outBank statements and all!
8VEZe0pFjHdrbsta-ULgGQ	For campus this place is as good as it gets. The espresso drinks are well-made (and, unlike a nearby cafe, these people actually pay attention to requests for "decaf" or "non-fat"). The snickerdoodles and pastries are worth a ten-minute walk, at least. The harvest salad, shrimp pizza, and most of their soups (black bean, tomato fennel!) are my favorites. It's busy but has friendly, quick, and attentive service.
WE4ivUz2m6YZaOBYEpdIBg	Frozen yogurt is always a pleasure on a warm day (aka all year round at Stanford), but I feel like Fraiche is just too expensive for a refreshing treat. If I remember correctly, it costs $5 for a regular yogurt with 2 toppings, which is ridiculous compared to Yogurtland down in Palo Alto. Also, they have been out of mochi almost every time I've gone.If it were my call, I would replace this Fraiche with Yogurtland and call it good.
C9ijJDnBaaWNQD5tLcNBFQ	Located in the basement of the Cubberley Education Building, this cafe makes sandwiches made to order, along with the premade stuff like sodas, sandwiches, salads etc. But my favorite thing from Cubberley Cafe is the vegetarian curry--mind you, it's not the greatest, but it's different from many offerings available close by.
gf8awGwJrrs3Rge-n5_Vyg	Hmmph.  I read some of the reviews (e.g., "hidden jewels"),  and tried this on Saturday.  All I can say is....what were those reviewers smoking?  It's a nice golf course, sure.....but that's pretty much the good thing about this place.  The inside is like a school cafeteria, but no disrespect to school cafeterias.  Given it's location and Stanford's endowment, you would think they have a bit of a budget to update its 60's style bare minimum decor.  Dishes look like they were 10 years old+ and came from the dorm cafeteria.Food was okay.  Way, way overpriced for what you get.  I had a chicken pesto panini.  Taste was okay, but presentation was underwhelming.  The cole slaw looked and tasted like it came from a dorm cafeteria - purplish and tastes blah.  My panini came in regular bread - isn't it supposed to be panini bread?  Wife had the fish tacos, which was essentially 2 finger sized pieces of grilled fish, slopped on an open soft tortilla with a lot of lettuce - stay away from that one.  They had the gall to charge $8.50 for that.  Don't go here unless you are a Stanford student and you came from out of the area, so your excuse is you don't know better.
uA1gdo3uovDISr-E69mhYA	OK for basic health services.  Some of the staff are Physician Assistants, not Medical Doctors, but some are MDs too.  Altogether, the medical staff is professional and experienced.Sometimes they seem to mess up their schedule a bit, though.  Once I arrived on time for an appointment and checked in, but then I had to wait.  After the nurse finally called me in, she  said that the physician would not have enough time because I had arrived late.  I retorted that I had arrived on time, upon which she looked it up in the system and confirmed that I had, indeed, checked in on time.  Yet she didn't apologize, and the physician still had not enough time to examine me.The next time, on my follow up visit, that same physician arrived late, so I had to wait for him.
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	Sometimes they have good specials. Crowded and expensive.
OGnLjckT2VWkmY4AEJVPyw	What kind of a restaurant won't give a young child a cup of water on a hot day after spending $18 on sandwiches?????   I'm not sure if it's required, but I've never seen a restaurant that doesn't at least have a little paper dixie cup on hand.  Even the almighty Whole Foods does, and Trader Joes offers water infused with watermelon rinds.  If this building is trying to be so darn environmental, then why do they allow vendors to sell plastic bottled water that's been trucked in from a factory in like Petaluma or some other far place? At least the building generates about 3% of its electricity (that's on a sunny Sunday)! The sandwiches are really tasty, but nutritionally, a bit too bready for the amount of other stuff in them.  I'm not vegan, buy I usually enjoy the vegan sandwiches as I have an aversion to anything that reminds me of luncheon meat.   Every sandwich I've had seems to be served on a huge roll that's been squished down instead of on  a normal piece of bread.   I'm happy the chips are extra, as like the bread, they are devoid of nutrition, and I always wound up taking them home and serving them to guests.  The lollipop is a cute touch - I now have a collection of them to donate to the food bank.
fw9VtoEZw91A9b8vZ93r1A	BEST FOOD AND BEST SERVICE ON CAMPUS!On their (reallly busy) opening day, I special ordered the Kryptonite - their most ridiculous sandwich - and they were happy to oblige even though it wasn't on their campus menu at this point. It was HUUUGGE! I split the sandwich (which was a "half-sandwich") with my buddy and we both were stuffed by delicious amazing sandwich at the end! I also go to meet Ike, which is sick!!The next day I got the Ménage à trois, which was probably the tasiest sandwich of my life. Amazing stuff! To quote a youtube video "It was messier than I expected - not the first time someone said this about a Ménage à trois".The third day (see the trend? Yes, I found my new lunch place) I split the Doomsday sandwich (again, a special order that Erin had no problem making) with a friend, and again it was amazing. Just the right amount of Habanero to make you go YUMMMMMMMMM. On-campus lunch has never left me feeling this healthy and invigorated. The only other thing on campus that is comparable is the Pesto Crepe at Coupa's. Their staff is amazing - such a breath of fresh air compared to the usual service on campus. Every time I go I end up in a conversation with the people working there, who are all very helpful - makes me feel like the food I'm getting is really made with care.To all the haters: this is their temporary menu! Talk to the staff before you give a shitty review! Also, there is no parking close by, this is for the engineering students, not the VC crowd from Sand Hill or something. Back off on the negative reviews already. Ike is right there, why don't you go up and talk to him, make some suggestions on how you think the place can be improved. They're really open to figure out what works best on campus, so just suggest things. They're strongly considering serving coffee as well, since many people have apparently requested that. (Another coffee shop on campus? well, I guess it works for the people in the building).Anyway, go here and spend your hard earned dollars to get something worthwhile!!
uYyDuaTvFx3muKxvZf8-pw	Great Sandwiches. Haven't had a bad one yet. The only bad thing is the long wait but what do you expect when the food is so good. wish they would open one in the sunset district.
uNIyxmljF0IVuVEifJNQ6g	All I can say is UGH...  After being super excited to check out the campus, my friend and I headed to the bookstore cafe to grab a drink.  My friend grabbed a drink clearly labeled $1.50, but when we went to ring it up it was $2.50.  I went back to check the label only to have the frigid bitch behind the counter with the bar through her nose (and the stick in her ass) complain that I was checking it and she'd have to cancel the order.  One of the other girls working the cafe went to check with me and confirmed that the section was mismarked only to offer to fix the label once we left but couldn't offer the marked price.  Fine, no big deal.  But Broomhilda behind the bar had to keep jawing away about how annoying a customer I was that I nearly had it up to here with the putz.Honestly, she needs to be forcefully removed from her post and replaced with a cigar store Indian, who would make a far better cashier anyway and have twice the personality.  Definitely not a good experience with this one.
Q25NuARY0KB1f-5UfTluAw	I appreciate what these guys have to deal with.  Uptight university admins, a less than raucous student body, and a space designed more as a graduate community center than a pub.  The owners (esp Josh) are friendly, decent guys.  The bartender (tattooed girl), on the other hand, is more interested in chatting it up with her buddies and giving them free drinks than running the bar.  A decent crowd when there is a event, but otherwise it's just the bartender and her posse.  No hard liquor, price of a beer is just ok.
Pp4doAlCjxOxemlkTc7ERQ	This is a perfect place for a Sunday lunch. The atmosphere is artsy, relaxed, and the surrounding are beautiful! Their food is fresh daily and very eclectic. I haven't had a thing there that i don't like. After lunch you can stroll around the Cantor Arts Museum.
E3qISp1GCesHwiJbc0KDgQ	i've never attended a class here, but damn...they've got great grass. go hang out on the lawn for an afternoon. no, really...
SC2HZlY3V7XdwfZ4s4_z8A	I ended up moving my horse to a 5-horse family run barn in Woodside and he is a different animal!  At the Red Barn he would come out for his stall just looking for something to spook at.  Now he is the quiet relaxed horse that I love to own and ride.  The difference is daily turn out and an environment that caters to horses.  I stick my review of the facilities but I have to say the atmosphere and energy at the Red Barn is not ideal for many horses.
ln-8dqz9uu5TwjVg1vYESg	Stealing away to this bookstore in the afternoon is a lovely and very rare treat for me.  My old office location on campus was a lot closer and I could get here and back more quickly,  The new GSB campus is a bit farther away, which makes for a nice afternoon break/walk, but makes me consider a visit more carefully.  None of that information is relevant to an actual review.  Sorry.  :)This is a great store.  They have recently renovated and moved things around so it's even more easy to find things, like birthday cards.It's also a very attractive store, with a cafe upstairs that has pretty tasty noshes and a decent coffee bar.  They have a good selection of chocolates and sweets if you're into that.  Upstairs there is also a computer store with a good Selection of Apple products.  They also have a good clothing selectionnif you're into endless Stanford shwag.  (which I am). They also have the official Stanford books and stuff students need.  And some odd one offs, huge SU mugs, keychains, an ugly lamp or two...It's a good place to peruse and just wander.
OmqMnnhTu4mgJUYzBTDfBw	DELICIOUS! PRICEY!!SMALL PORTION SIZE FOR THE PRICE?!I'd probably still come here again though.
xMKpXNaicvI-BgSA69yp9A	YUM.I ordered the Nacho Boy from Nacho Boy!  And it was nothing but pure unadulterated deliciousness.  Roast beef, avocado, shrooms and melted swiss cheese stuffed inside a sourdough roll and made "Dirty".  You gotta get it Dirty.. This is my new favorite sandwich!  Call in your order or wait a hour in line and another half hour for the sandwich.  This Ike's Place is located inside the Engineering Building at Stanford University.  I have also been to the one in SF.  This one is closer and just as good but parking was not ideal.  Metered visitor parking sucks man.. I love sandwiches and I love Ike's Place!
je1VmwLDRvLnmYed34Yo2g	I recently attended an event by Stanford's Bartender.  They are really advanced mixologists!  Beyond knowledge, their approach to making mixed drinks made the cocktails at the party much better AND much faster than any I've had anywhere else.  The bartender was really cool and everyone was having a great time.  He even did some tricks and made the host a special custom cocktail menu!  I will definitely have them plan my next party!
H4JNrBAoyCk_ZMZWbAf8OA	Decent/cheap beer, clean seating, good fries but no hard alcohol?!??!  Where is the SoCo?  What about Tuaca, Pitu, Pucker and other bottles that have those sticky, unused spouts?  Not even gin?!  I'm looking forward to when this place has its liquor license...serious, this place is in my backyard, I'd love to be able to stumble home post-debauchery.
2JVwbO5pChIPe1NG2LisCw	Soooooo, Here i am writing a review on this monster of a sandwich sitting in front of me. I talking about the one and only KRYPTONITE ! I will start by saying it will be feeding 4 people ( yes its that big). There is Everything you could ever want at HAppy Hour on this thing, chillie poppers, mozzarella sticks & countless cold cuts slices. But lets not stop there, we come to the bread and the sauce.. The Dirty sauce is baked into the bread  DIZAMN it is good. It is kind of a cross between mayo and salad dressing. I'm only giving 4 stars because my regular sandwich The King Coppa is not available at Stanford . Some deal they do not have real meatballs at that location. If you have a chance Try the Damon Bruce.Good Eats!
ybnJoXphDsVeg299y5A3hQ	At least they are fast. Food is ok
iZSFq5tha83JnZUFy9OrXg	$6.75 pre-tax for a salmon crepe: salmon, nata cheese, and the crepe wrapping.My crepe arrives - no nata cheese.  I ask the cashier for nata.  "Sorry, we ran out of nata."  I ask for a different crepe.  The cashier refuses, and instead offers me ricotta (I think) cheese.  I say "wouldn't ricotta be gross on a salmon crepe?" The cashier agrees and says "sorry."  No offer of a refund.When an item only has three ingredients, you can't expect to get away with two.
KyNs12bizrYubCpsrYnSXw	Found Stanford's Bartender on Yelp and all reviews were right on.  Carlos was very helpful from the start and gave us 110% excellent service for mine and my husband's 40th Birthday Party.  All the guests loved him by mid-party!  Thank you for making our event so much more special and hassle free.  Highly recommended.
dviPtjXu-AzbefzWExaxGA	I regret coming here for the first time because now I'm gonna forever crave these sandwiches!DIRECTIONS:I graduated from Stanford before all these engineering buildings existed, so I felt like an idiot after initially thinking I could easily find Ike's.  For those not familiar with the new engineering quad:-Park in Parking Structure 2 on Panama and Via Ortega (free on weekends and after 4pm on weekdays)-Walk across Via Ortega past Y2E2 (Jerry Yang and Akiko Yamazaki Environment and Energy Building)-Look for the Huang Engineering Center. Ike's is inside there in the 1st floor Forbes Cafe area.Or, just look for outdoor patio seating in that vicinity-- it'll lead you to either Coupa Cafe or Ike's.I was here mid-Tuesday afternoon, and it took me about half an hour to get my sandwich.  The soft/chewy/crispy Dutch Crunch bread with that garlicky dirty sauce was AMAZING!  I got a Menage a Trois, but I think I could be happy with just lettuce and that bread alone.
qrzo6epsAUau7pC-EWSPKA	More grease in food than the powertrain.
GFKxi6XBDs2FSfkL5hMO_A	I went to Ike's this afternoon for a sandwich, remembering I had a delicious experience with a Meatless Mike a year ago. The sandwich I eventually ate was tasty, but the collective experience was one of the worst meals I've ever had. It took almost 40 minutes to get through the line, and another 30 minutes to actually get my food, and on a Sunday! If you have anything to do in the afternoon, don't go to Ike's. The service staff is apathetic and appears to work especially slow when they see the line stacking up. The pony-tailed hipster taking the orders loves making small talk while customers are getting progressively angrier in line. To reiterate, I waited 70 minutes to get my lunch.
4b6saCX_1wl4cXZgmzMg8g	Agreed.  If your a Cardinal Basketball fan, this is the place you call home.  It's cozy, loud, and full of energy.  Oh, and Nick Robinson is back (as an assistant) ... Maples rocks.
WDsr8RnPqbceR3s2yZYr3Q	NO way!  I get to rate this as a business??  That is wild.  Um, yeah, OK.  How to say this... their products are more uneven than a rural road in Mexico, but the customers are awesome.  Out of all products they offer, volleyball games (played or watched) are a great value and Master's degrees seem a decent purchase, but Ph.Ds are questionable.  ;)  I don't mean for the person hiring one, I mean for the person buying one.  The Rains housing product is a good idea with pretty reasonable tenants and supers, I mean CAs.
hcEwlOkt8L_qVfO_dh3cLw	Fraiche Yogurt is the only yogurt in the world where I would pay $5 a cup for. It's homemade, it's fresh - and unbelievably good. Before I wrote this review, I was reading through a number of other reviews - and alot of them said that it tastes like cardboard....so I guess yogurt really is a matter of opinion. If you checked out my location, I am in San Diego - NOT Palo Alto. But Fraiche yogurt is truly the best I have ever taste(again, matter of opinion). And it has to do with the fact that tuttimelon, red mango...and other well known chains of frozen yogurt - all get their yogurt from the same factory(which is heavily sugared - and leaves you very thirsty after a few spoonful). Fraiche literally has a "plant" in the back of their store - where they do the whole deal, fermentation....blah blah blah. So it tastes very light, airy, and unbelievably fresh - it quenches my thirst, instead of making me thirsty. My favorite is the natural and soy. I skip the chocolate because it tastes too sugary and creamy. The POM is the new one, but I am not a big fan. Also, one of the most popular toppings is the mochi, and that's probably one of the best things about Fraiche - they make their mochi fresh in the back. And all the chain stores like red mango all get their mochi shipped(ever wonder why all the mochi is small and circle shaped?) - at Fraiche, the mochi pieces are large and absolutely delicious. I recommend getting the large natural with double mochi and shaved chocolate - it's what I get each time I go visit San Francisco. Mostly, I end up ordering another tub. Also, I don't like coffee. I get dizzy when I walk into a coffee aroma filled Starbucks. But have you tried the Blue Bottle Coffee in Fraiche? Wow, it's amazing! I don't know how to describe it - but I enjoy a cup of light earl grey tea every morning, and the coffee tastes light and sweet - but definitely does the trick of coffee!And if you are still hungry, try their banana bread or other "bread" - fresh daily from an organic baker that lives in Palo Alto. Fraiche also bake cookies of their own - get them when they are hot(and only when they are hot - it tastes heavenly)Then there's my favorite - and something that Fraiche is not known for - but it's my best kept secret in Palo Alto(other than how I used to chill and party at the Enchanted Broccoli Forest at Stanford in the summer) - the Oatmeal. Try this: A small cup of oatmeal with low-fat fresh(they have frozen yogurt and fresh yogurt - all made fresh in the back of the store) yogurt, topped with agave nectar and pieces of strawberries and kiwi. Welcome to breakfast heaven! It's so good - you have to have it once in your life!Bottom line: Go to fraiche and ask for a sample of the natural frozen yogurt - you will either hate it and never go back, or love it so much that you will drive 500 miles 3 times a year to Palo Alto to order their yogurt and oatmeal when you are there. And order extra cups of coffee and bread when you drive 8 hours back to San Diego.
JjjLPCKqcEaeo9U9OvF-yQ	Had lunch here today (3/12) with the wife. The sandwiches were ok, but a bit too much sauce for my taste. The service staff was very friendly but the cooks/sandwich makers were VERY SLOW! It took over an hour to get 2 sandwiches from them. I think I will go again but will ask for light sauce and form to rush it. We'll see if that works.
qF6L-tp2kQ5s_WuiY3Fk3w	Amazing sandwich, but pricey (half a sandwich is cheaper).Had the Change Sandwich. How can you go wrong with steak, battered ONION RINGS, bbq sauce, and jack cheese? The sandwich was big, meaty, and messy--just the way I like it. Napkins required. Each sandwich comes with a bag of chips and a caramel green apple lollipop.The staff, after seeing that we were sharing the sandwich, came back 2 mins later with another lollipop and said, "You can share the sandwich, but you can't share dessert!" That made me happy.  My friend told me he once waited 2 hours for a sandwich. We went at around 2:30 and got our food in about 30 mins.
ZBBlQj92l65SyjC6YzEH_g	This is a decent place to get lunch if you're at Stanford, but not worthy of any expeditions.  My favorite thing here is the Aztec salad (lettuce, chicken, avocado, salsa, tortilla chips, cheese, dressing). Very yummy.  The chicken fajita burritos are also good.  This place gets packed right around noon, but the guys working there whip through the orders and keep the lines moving.  Totally essential quality for any self-respecting lunch place.Mon-Fri: 7:30am-3pm
BPnvrv4Q74gBjDz37Sq9vQ	Pros:* $.50 for a cup of coffee, regardless of size! (a starving graduate student's general idea of a meal)* Stanford Wi-Fi (that's how we work)* SALADS!  They finally started making salads.  $4.50 (a starving graduate student's idea of a binge eating)* Did I mention cute Stanford students?Cons:* No electrical outlets so you have to bring a spare battery for your laptop or drag your pet hamster with a treadmill in there and hook it up to a generator.* Cookies (a starving graduate student's idea of a dinner) are $1.40 and not that great.  But that's the only place in the vicinity that I found that has oatmeal chocolate chip ones.* Pre-made stuff (wraps, sandwiches) is not that great.  But those are carbs and are bad for you anyway, so you get what you deserve.
QlFMn3xECbC-vxe_rGSlsg	Three words: Mint Mocha Freeze
uqY5VAtcoEn_8kcXucw8QQ	Ah, Fraiche. This little Tresidder location opened its doors in the middle of my freshman year at Stanford and was all the rage because a) it accepted Cardinal dollars (Stanford dining dollars that come with various meal plans i.e. pretty much all freshmen had them i.e. I hoarded all of mine to use at Fraiche) and b) because sorority girls everywhere had found their Palo Alto Mecca (this was pre-lululemon). Now I'm a senior and the Cardinal dollar system is long gone, but I'm still a loyal paying customer/self-proclaimed Fraiche aficionado.I really can't say that I've had a bad combination of froyo and toppings at Fraiche, though my personal favorite would have to be a regular natural with raspberry puree, mango, and wildflower honey (I find that the purees are a solid choice because they spread further than the dry fruit and make for a delicious half-melted-yogurt-half-fruity-puree last few bites). If I'm feeling frugal, a junior half soy, half chocolate side by side with honey (wildflower is my favorite, but all are good) is wholly satisfying as well and is around $3. Other "go-tos" include the pomegranate yogurt, olallieberry puree, almonds, and granola (though not together). Like everyone else noted, it is a bit pricey, but there's just something so damn pleasant about sitting outside at a Tresidder table on a sunny spring day, people watching whilst enjoying Fraiche with a friend (who am I kidding, or alone) that keeps me coming back to shell out $5+ time and time again.Oh, and I can't go without mentioning the chocolate chip cookies: fat, warm, gooey, and best when broken into bits and eaten with the yogurt. $2.50 of caloric greatness.
bGyTeVdJhsiD5cyZ5oATjg	Imaginative, organic, and satisfying food!
EE_7_YPuk9Ly05hi1N-Lig	Okay, I could have learned about Goedel and Chomsky and Turing and all that at the public library... but then who would I have to put me down and suggest I consider a career in sociology?  Plus, the chef made good tiramisu.
dEFce9h2hiaTpgEmFF3zbA	Update: I wrote to Enterprise after the event in my older review and told them I gave them a bad review on Yelp (as well as submitting an official complaint). They called me and offered me a free weekend rental. So I am giving them four stars, especially that I did rent a car from them afterwards on more than one occasion and the experience has been generally fine.
25AnOaWNSzhHK8sSUMpSZQ	In order to get this review published I will have to seriously, and painfully, constrain the vocabulary I use to describe how much I detest Enterprise.First off, why do I even have to give them 1 star?    They deserve a quantum black hole that consumes any star they've ever been given.The long story short is that they did not honor my reservation on Friday, July 16.   I needed this cargo van on Friday, July 16 to transport my motorcycle to the track for the first time.  A magical experience, I can attest, but Enterprise nearly put the kibosh on it by saying, "Sorry, the customer who has the van is not bringing it back for the weekend and there are no others."  After the foaming of the mouth subsided, I pledged to someday give Enterprise the most hatred tinged review  possible, as a catharsis, and a service to you, gentle reader.    U-haul in Redwood City came to the rescue on that fateful day, and the weekend was saved.    Please patronize U-haul, their service was excellent.Save yourself a headache -- skip Enterprise.
gLke-4oih1t7urvoQAENcQ	Roving buffet truck! You pick up a stryo box from the front, load up on carbs (fried rice, white rice, chow mein, random white noodleyness) and then slop on some curried vegetables/meats. The teriyaki chicken is decently flavored even if it looks incredibly dry. I'm also a fan of the battered fish, though I really can't articulate a convincing reason why. The thing to watch out for is that everything is pretty salty, so have plenty of carbo action. A lady will then weight your box and before the ticker stops bouncing, she'll just pronounce it to be either $5 or $6. If you really decided to load it on that day, it just might be $7. For campus eateries, that's a pretty good deal for food!
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	I never in a million years though I would be yelping the fountain in front of the bookstore at Stanford. How random.But this is THE PLACE to sit and read the latest book you bought in the bookstore or the Stanford DAILY or eat. I was not a graduate of Stanford so I never did anything crazy in the fountain, just on the side of it. So go to Stanford and do what I did or jump in and dance around. No one will stop you.
cJVqHvDLN9g3GE4VfxDbZQ	I don't really know why I would come here over Tresidder if Tresidder's Union Square is open.  Coho only serves pastries, sandwiches, and salads, all of which are more expensive than their counterparts.I had the pear & goat cheese salad with added chicken, and the taste was so muted and quantity so small compared to a salad from Twisted Sprout in Tresidder.  Yet it was nearly $2 more.  That being said, Coho has a nice atmosphere.  I just wish it was more like the old one with its yummy crepes.
jiBP7htskM9NTABCdurxzQ	I'll get straight to the point. Ike's sandwiches are the best! Ike's is definitely my favorite sandwich joint. Have yet to find a better sandwich place.
BBTFyjdgWSEdzhQFEQx65g	Saying Stanfurd has a beautiful campus is like saying your favorite color is beige.
8Xuns4n5Vd9ll_OenHRmRA	I'm at work, I want to eat yummy walking distance. The only thing I don't like about this place is the crowd..and the overpriced food.
_7DXxuBLD_1cAq92cgK_mg	This place makes me want to work out...How can a place this good be free. I have been here thrice, and am already looking forward to my third, fourth, fifth, sixth....  trips here...I love the main gym room, the equipment is as good as any top sports club, and also like the fact  that they do not have long lines to use them. I love the fact that it is a simple sign in system, you go in, sign up for a time slot, and get on the machine start working out. Also, the guy at the reception desk told me about the be well program they have for staff and employees at Stanford, you go online, fill your   info, meet with a personal trainer, for I think 1 session, and they pay you $300 for that(it is once a year)...I plan on doing that next.Only complain I have is that they do not have lockers and showers at the gym, you have to walk to the Ford center to use them, and they cost $30 a quarter(WHAT!)..but other wise Love, Love...
0c97UtmEKYA0nyvku52Ptg	I just bought a new bike there, and I received super friendly, helpful service from Nick, Omar, and Bing.They stayed late past closing time so they could put all my old bike's accoutrements on the new bike: rack, lights, basket, and even my old U-lock holder, jury-rigged from Home Depot parts, even though that last bit took nearly a half-hour.  And they did it with friendliness, patience, and good humor.  During the whole time, I saw other customers come in and get the same patient, helpful service, no matter how small or large their needs.Their selection of bikes and accessories is geared to the commuter and the student (which is perfect for me) and is competitively priced.  Coupled with such stellar service, I had a great experience at the Campus Bike Shop and will definitely return there for any service needs.  I recommend buying a bike there for anybody with similar needs as mine.Parking is free on the weekends, as it is in most places on the Stanford campus.
aa2jzpaYSW-4GMhF05eWqg	Long wait, but supposedly not as long at the SF location. Many sandwich choices to choose from, which made it so hard to decide. I ended up getting a Sm. Tony Soprano and Sm. Lincecum. Not really a fan of the Soprano. The Italian dressing made it a little messy. I did enjoy the Lincecum. The avocado, bacon, and turkey tasted great. Overall, I would say that I would go back, but there are so many places that I want to try. If I do I will call in my order 2-3 hours before I want to eat.
DhOSuTlWNnlzoF0QxstVZg	I finally stopped here after having class in the infamous Stanford Prison Experiment building. Usually the line balloons after I've walked out class into the courtyard, but today it was a rather short gathering of 5 or so. (It soon mushroomed within 45 seconds or so after I took my place in line.)Talk about efficiency in service! They had three different servers manning the food stations plus other helpers around: soup, salad, or curry.I paid and left all witihin a span of 15 seconds. No wonder people don't mind waiting in a line that is 20 deep.Food wasn't too great, so I doubt I'll be going back too often, a little under-seasoned. There's a courtyard on the other side of Blgd 420 with lots of benches/seating if you're looking for a place to chow down after picking up your meal.
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	It's a Subway.  In many ways, it's better than most: they have a lot of random hot sub options that I don't see a lot of other places (though many of them are now gone).  If you live somewhere with no food on weekends, the simple variety provided by Subway is extremely convenient.  It's also considerably cleaner, and marginally fresher, than your average Subway.  Finally, most workers are generous with the toppings and won't charge you extra even for things like avocado or spinach.However, I don't believe they offer Sub-of-the-Day.  If they do, I've never seen it advertised  And that, by far, is the best reason to eat at subway.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	This darling little market for the Munger Residence neighborhood peddles everything from candy to colon cleanser (look for the white container that looks much like what the Clorox wipes come in only with bright red lettering and red top) should students need it. A little pricey, the place tries to be part trading post, part mom and pop shop with a dash of Whole Foods thrown in. While you probably don't want to do your week's worth of grocery shopping here, it has a big convenience factor to it if you're feeling backed up!
qcvLeO7CUNQLZ5cgaBKMDA	Great sandwiches! NY needs something like this!
8nSAbI-nUi0GavThHTEkJQ	An awesome, packed store, with great prices on athletic wear. Found one of everything on a clearance rack and hoodies for $20! Nike dry fit tanks only $6.
Wxd-EKF2Z4RHZUmwQ6Eeew	Although I haven't come to Vaden a lot (I have a primary care physician at PAMF) I have been here to get a tetanus shot last spring and then again today for their flu shot clinic.   I had good experiences both times and was especially impressed with the flu shot clinic - we were in and out in about 10 minutes, the shot was painless, and I thought the staff was really friendly.    The flu shot clinic was free to most members of the Stanford community (students, faculty, staff, student spouses), etc and $26 for others (faculty/staff spouses).   I was amused to see people on Yelp say that they always tell you you might be pregnant.   At my university, it was a running joke that no matter what you went to the health clinic for, they would diagnose you with pregnancy.   One time my friend went in for a broken toe and they wanted to pregnancy test her.   So maybe that's a common thing to all college health centers.  My biggest gripe about Vaden is that they won't see male patients for check-ups!   I nagged my fiance about it for a long time since he hasn't had a physical since high school and when he finally agreed to go in, I was incredibly surprised when I called to make the appt for him and found out that they won't see him unless something is wrong, because people in his age group are deemed healthy enough not to need physicals.   (Women can have an annual women's health exam, which can serve as a physical).   Because the Stanford student insurance only covers visits to Vaden and outside providers with a referral, he can't get a physical unless he pays out of pocket at another doctor.   While I agree that 26-year-olds are generally a healthy demographic, not all of them are (some are obese, some smoke, etc) and I just do not understand the rational behind not allowing physicals.  Preventative care is so much less costly in the long term!!   And I could understand it could get costly if it was unlimited, but they can't offer each person a free physical every 1-2 years??    Its especially bad because men are less likely to go to the doctor in general and if they get out of the habit of having physicals when they're young, they won't go in when they're older and actually need them, so I just think it's a terrible practice.  /endrantOther than that, we have been pretty satisfied with our experience here.
xSIMNs3zpvNAlnqD7mZ6gA	The best. Easiest review ever.
vivFH2_uIcOyqel-cHmxLA	The Cool Cafe lives up to its name---attached to the Cantor Arts Center the place enjoys a very cool location overlooking the Rodin Sculpture Garden.  Everything (and I mean EVERYTHING) on the menu is organic, range-free, grass-fed and kept away from syringes and steroids, which made it seem odd that the asparagus in my spring vegetable sandwich tasted like it was out of a can.  Is it possible that my many years on chemically produced vittles has left my palet unable to discern when things are more natural?  Ok, I'm off topic... all-in-all, the Cool Cafe is nice as an ocassional treat.  It is pricey but, it will make you forget for a time that you're on a college campus and have you believing your in a trendy little bistro in Paris, NYC or some re-created street scene in Las Vegas mega casino (I'll leave that up to your imagination.)Go early ---- the place fills up fast and the line to order will stretch the length of the restaurant.
6VUmb22uRqhoXinETeleWA	I went for the Nicholas Payton Quintet concert this year. The concert is being held on the Stanford Campus in Dinkelspiel Auditorium, right opposite the student union.  The auditorium feels a little to "cold" a location for a jazz concert. The acoustic is fine, but the surround looks like a lecture hall. However, for a chance to see some famous performers in the south bay/peninsular area, it is worth it.By the way, on Saturday night, the only store open in the student union was Jamba Juice. I had wanted to get a quick bite before the concert, but had to wait until after the concert  to get dinner:)
L9N3kmIRwf0acuynQ-xxMA	Bytes is a bit (or eight) bland.  There's a unique kind of sadness to taking your first byte of a meal and thinking "man, I'm not going to enjoy this at all, and to think I could have just gone to Thai Cafe for cheaper."  Trust me, it bytes.  Hard.  Like NP-Hard.Also, Alissa S. is right that there's never enough seating, but it's not just at lunch time -- CS people from Gates, EEs housed at Packard, and many other departments camp out here during all hours of the working day to discuss things or study.
wEqETrWwpsujK2r8ZueOFw	This is for the study areas in the Jen-Hsun Huang Engineering Center. I've gotta say that Stanford students have got it good.. the whole place has a google like feel to it.. super modern and airy with huge conference rooms fitted with boards, lcd tvs, and projectors. The place is open until the wee hours and even includes an Ike's Place on site in case you get hungry coding away. If you happen to get access to the Stanford wifi network, its blazing fast too.. 21 Mb up and down.
woYf_lR2nvXoUTTs4CuPTQ	Went here on a late  Sunday morning with some friends for the first time and have to admit that they are pretty tasty. I got a whole sandwich but should have stuck to a half as it was too much when you include the chips and drink. Price is fair for this kind of food (read: good).
SC2HZlY3V7XdwfZ4s4_z8A	When I first came to Stanford I was so happy to find such a healthy, delicious and environmentally conscience restaurant on campus.  I have been a regular for the last two years and I never get tired of the selection.  The portions of most meals are huge and leave enough leftover for a 5pm snack.   And I love that they serve ethically raised meat, compost, recycle and do everything they can to reduce their environmental impact.My favorites include:Carnitas Tacos-2 meals for the price of one!Signature salad-the pecans and  sliced pears make this saladMacro platter- a new selection of vegetables every day.Build your own salad bar- I had to cut myself off because I end up spending $10, everything looks so good.I love the patio out back but there is never enough room and don't arrive after 2pm.  The lunch ladies will not serve you if you are late and are slightly nasty about it.
a8QNaErKMX1GTPfBPaH-bA	This place used to be THE PLACE to go to a concert because it had everything, a great stage, great seating, incredible parking, just the best but since Stanford went corporate a few years ago it doesn't hold many shows any more.The Dead used to play here every year and it was quite the scene but Stanford put the kibosh on anything fun anymore.Now the only way to get in to see Frost is to go for a graduation but if you don't know anybody why?It is too bad because this could really be a cool place to see outdoor shows. I am giving it 5 stars for the memories and the potential but those days are gone forever in the memories of those who were there.
